NOTE:		2

Very bad experience with this iPhone xr phone. Back camera found defective and non functional. Amazon is very careless. I have not got any response on confirmation for replacing. I am just hanging with a damaged piece worth of more than 91000 rupees.		48

Amazing phone with amazing camera coming from iPhone 7 plus great service from amazon		14

So I got the iPhone XR just today. The product looks amazing. But unfortunately the Face ID is not working and there is a glitch in the front camera’s portrait mode. That is fine, it may happen. But what is not fine is the pathetic service provided by amazon and apple. Firstly, amazon takes no responsibility of the product once sold. Talking about the giant, apple, the so called market leaders. Went to the service centre, after running a diagnostic the solution they came up with is sending the phone to Bangalore for repair. Like sending the new phone for repair is the practical solution that the company provides after charging a bomb for the product. And also to mention, amazon.in is not an authorised apple reseller. I guess this issue will be escalated to the consumer court. Thank you amazon and apple!		165

I have been an android user all my life until I decided to try iPhone XR for iOS. Loving the camera and battery life is an absolute joy to have. It is been more than one month since I got this phone and I am loving it. Face ID works flawlessly even in the dark and the dual sim function is working like a charm, I am using Vodafone as my primary sim and Jio as e-sim and have faced no problem whatsoever.		90

I was delivered a phone that did not work immediately after removing from the box. I was not able to return it as I need to first check with Apple. Apple service told me that the phone was lying without charge since 5 months and hence the battery failed. Now I have had to leave the phone with Apple for repairs and waiting for them to replace the battery. Please answer this: WHY SHOULD I RUN AROUND FOR THE SUB PAR QUALITY DEVICE WHEN I WAS SHIPPED A DEAD PHONE? Last time I ever purchase a phone online		104

It has been a month since I started using my iPhone XR and the experience has been awesome. Excellent battery life, smooth operating system, and most of all, dual Sim functionality are the best features of this iPhone. Spent so many days to decide on the colour, but opted for white, and I am very happy about it. Coral is also a very good colour option which I have bought for my wife. Only issue bothering me is the time taken to charge the phone. You need to opt for overnight charging. Other than that, extremely happy with the purchase.		113

The phone is hanging. Video quality is not very good.		12

I will use this review to mostly say what I am not a fan of in this particular iPhone model.		21

Went with the iPhone XR after over a month of consideration.Amazon was offering some really good discounts and felt the time was right to upgrade having used the iPhone 6 for four seamless years.		37

NOTE:		2

Very bad experience with this iPhone xr phone. Back camera found defective and non functional. Amazon is very careless. I have not got any response on confirmation for replacing. I am just hanging with a damaged piece worth of more than 91000 rupees.		48

Amazing phone with amazing camera coming from iPhone 7 plus great service from amazon		14

So I got the iPhone XR just today. The product looks amazing. But unfortunately the Face ID is not working and there is a glitch in the front camera’s portrait mode. That is fine, it may happen. But what is not fine is the pathetic service provided by amazon and apple. Firstly, amazon takes no responsibility of the product once sold. Talking about the giant, apple, the so called market leaders. Went to the service centre, after running a diagnostic the solution they came up with is sending the phone to Bangalore for repair. Like sending the new phone for repair is the practical solution that the company provides after charging a bomb for the product. And also to mention, amazon.in is not an authorised apple reseller. I guess this issue will be escalated to the consumer court. Thank you amazon and apple!		165

I have been an android user all my life until I decided to try iPhone XR for iOS. Loving the camera and battery life is an absolute joy to have. It is been more than one month since I got this phone and I am loving it. Face ID works flawlessly even in the dark and the dual sim function is working like a charm, I am using Vodafone as my primary sim and Jio as e-sim and have faced no problem whatsoever.		90

I was delivered a phone that did not work immediately after removing from the box. I was not able to return it as I need to first check with Apple. Apple service told me that the phone was lying without charge since 5 months and hence the battery failed. Now I have had to leave the phone with Apple for repairs and waiting for them to replace the battery. Please answer this: WHY SHOULD I RUN AROUND FOR THE SUB PAR QUALITY DEVICE WHEN I WAS SHIPPED A DEAD PHONE? Last time I ever purchase a phone online		104

It has been a month since I started using my iPhone XR and the experience has been awesome. Excellent battery life, smooth operating system, and most of all, dual Sim functionality are the best features of this iPhone. Spent so many days to decide on the colour, but opted for white, and I am very happy about it. Coral is also a very good colour option which I have bought for my wife. Only issue bothering me is the time taken to charge the phone. You need to opt for overnight charging. Other than that, extremely happy with the purchase.		113

The phone is hanging. Video quality is not very good.		12

I will use this review to mostly say what I am not a fan of in this particular iPhone model.		21

Went with the iPhone XR after over a month of consideration.Amazon was offering some really good discounts and felt the time was right to upgrade having used the iPhone 6 for four seamless years.		37

Best mobile and my favourite Where nice XR Amazing futures and best camera so thanks for Amazon		17

Do not buy Apple products from Amazon. I got a defective product which is not activating. During first charging the iPhone started heating like anything. Since there was a 10 days replacement policy, so I asked Amazon to replace it as the product is defective. But very poor customer service from Amazon. They did not change the iPhone rather told me to visit service centre. Now I am with a defective product which is not operating.		84

Face recognition is slower some times. I have no complaints about it. I am die hard fan of XR. I was eagerly waiting for dual sim iPhone. It is heavy but looks are so attractive that you will be ready to carry that little extra weight. I am using it since two months. Do not watch any reviews. Just buy it and enjoy. Yes it is expensive. Sometimes rather many times money is not worth than happiness.		87

Great Phone, I am happy with the phone so far.		12

There are lots of reviews on net for XR, I would give just quick points based on my experience of XR 128 GB.		25

Do not buy this phone only waste of money it hang’s many time.		16

STEVE JOBS GONE i phone gone !!!!!!		7

Single SIM is working fine but if you are using E-sim in this phone. Not good quality for dual sim. Many times Number showing switched off.		31

It is not supporting any type of sim.. the network gets disconnected after sometime only		16

i always was unhappy with the size of my previous iPhones (iPhone 7 and 5s), I badly needed an upgrade and but do not have the budget of 1lakh so I took my chances with XR and I am very happy with my purchase.		47

This is a product which let us down the whole high end feel of an iPhone. Apple has packed in a very sophisticated software hardware system in a rather disappointing design and the phone is bulkier and heavier than any of its competition in the market. The premium feel of the product is completely let down and left to enjoy is a good software interface of ios and an excellent camera. Overall a cheap buy for an apple lover but for a first time user the phone is totally let down.		95

I Am facing some speaker related issues and had given my handset XR 64 Gb in service center they denied to repair the same stating that the handset is fake and not valid for any warrenty		36

All in all an amazing product yet again from Apple. I know many people are confused wheather to go for an apple X or Xr. Well to be frank i suggest XR purely because of the fact that XR will have 1yr more support from Apple in respect to X. Other than that the dual camera of X and single camera of XR have the same quality. As far as speed goes both are same. Xr is dual sim but you got to understand you can insert just 1 sim. The 2nd sim is an eSim which needs to be activated by Telecom service providers. There Is not much difference in display as well. All in all XR rules		127

I had taken the phone but the phones holds too many defects and issues. When we talk the mouth pice is not that precise to hold you voice creaky the voice is not audible if the phone is even partially away from your chin/mouth.		48

there are two angles from which smartphones are generally looked. and i will be very honest in this review so that a genuine user can understand if he really wants apple!		33

Smooth as butter, no lag and awesome display with superb camera..Just the perfect phone		17

Using around a week now. It is snappy fast. Power efficient. Gives a back up of a whole day on average use. It has a single but impressive rear camera. Selfie camera is excellent. Low light performance is average though. The phone is bulky, Heavy, weighing more than 190 grams. You surely need to use a protective case to protect Camera bump and glass on both sides. Display is crisp.		82

This is by far the best smartphone i have ever owned.		12

A Perfect Phone with a great camera, great performance, Great look, Great Battery life and a good Display. Worth the trade off. Perfect size		29

NEVER BUY it from Amazon. VERY POOR PRODUCT AND CUSTOMER CARE.i bought it and received it on 3.10.2019 and noted a crack on right top corner of display which was visible when the plastic sticker was removed and complained to amazon customer cell on 4.10.2019. they assured a replacement. nothing happened. when i called them a number of times, they simply tranfer my calls to diiferent sections and then assurinng call back and then not calling back. Apple says it is the duty of amazon to take measures for replacement. Still left nowhere with my money gone on a damaged product.		119

Extremely easy to use. Good specifications.		8

Best iPhone I have used. Sold my one plus 6 and got this one. The screen is not an OLED so you miss out on deep blacks and saturation. But I noticed the colours are better than the older iPhones with LCD. It also has thick bezels which take some time to get used to. An OLED screen on this would have been wonderful but apple being apple will not do that!		78

Poor Front camera cannot take photo with light at background (photo attached)		14

This is my first phone from Apple. I was in confusion in buying between pixel and iphone. Even though pixel is far superior than apple in all departments, I went for iphone due to craziness. The product is well packed and delivered. When I started using the phone, the screen looks average, battery is good and the hardware seems good. The camera disappoints me al lot. Never expect this from Apple. In particular, the front camera is worst, in indoor lightning conditions and can see dots in image like a VGA camera. At a cost of 60k, I was more so curious about the camera. It disappoints me badly. Even my motorola camera works well. If you are crazzy for the brand, go for it. Else definitely, you can go for other models in the market.		157

This Appario seem to be a fraud. My shipment has been smartly tampered and the have managed to overcome the security features. Even iPhone package back label have been tampered. Amazon Customer Care on phone or Twitter is of no help. I need to return this and get a replacement.		55

Most Beautiful, Fast and Stylish iPhone, I have ever Had..		13

Like every time, Apple has again mesmerised me with it is great creation iPhone XR. The best part in this is when you unbox your brand new iPhone. It comes with an earpod, and a Fast charger. I understand that the price might be a bit high but trust me, it is worth it. The camera has the best feature within it. Everyone says that it is an LCD screen but you will nit be able to differentiate just by looking at the screen. The phone performance is more faster now. And last but not the least, I am really impressed with the battery back up time. It really lasts. Full charge at 10 am and then the whole day on Cellular Data, I have played PES2019, played some songs from YouTube Music, hovering on Whatsapp, Instagram, Facebook and clicked some good photos. When i came back home at 11 of the clock, i still had 66% charge. That is what we needed in an iPhone.		189

iPhone XR is excellent there is no doubt about this. This first time my iPhone experience. Its great experience. But I am very unhappy about the dual sim performance (May be solved the problem).		39

Been a iPhone user always. Upgraded to iPhone XR from iPhone 6 and I have no regrets. Just love the ease that face recognition brings in... freedom that 128GB memory brings in... and of course peace of mind that Apple brand name brings in.		49

the phone will not turn on		6

A lot of criticism of iPhone XR has been about its inability to take portrait pics of “only human faces!” Though true, it can be very easily overcome by downloading a software app - “Halide!” That and the near negligible difference in viewing experience, puts it on par with iPhone XS and even XS Max! Just go for it— the 256 GB storage version!		73

Prices have fallen by rs 10000 in 3 days after I bought my phone. I feel terrible.		19

Faulty product delivered and Amazon not giving replacement. Cheating with customer and just making money by scam and defective product delivery. Phone is not usable as display stop working randomly and screen freeze suddenly. I have provide problem video also to Amazon within 10 days of replacement but Amazon just making money and cheating with customer.		60

Iphone is good but probably I have received a defective piece from amazon as I am facing issues with software. Further never heard a iphone to be hanging issue but I am facing the same and attached a video regarding it. Within a month I have to visit customer care and still facing issues. Very worst experience do not buy it from amazon.		67

Super fast performance, long battery hours, little heavier than iphone 7 plus. Overall good phone.		19

Has many drawbacks. Apps developed for iPhone by Indian Companies are not good at all. You cannot even do a normal Tatkal booking as irctc app unavailable. No dual Whatsapp so one number is wasted. No dual Facebook as well. Maximum 5gb cloud backup storage limit. Apps get refreshed more frequently and better enhancements on android. No features to search apps easily. Wifi once disconnected loses auto join features. Maximum 100 call records that is very very annoying. Difficult to set primary and secondary sims in sms. Some Whatsapp features missing.		103

It is heavy weight if you use more ull feel it hard to hold on regular note!		18

There have been multiple issues faced since started installing and restoring from icloud. Gets hanged/stuck, suddenly WiFi gets disconnected and does not get connected till restart, deteriorated network speed on usage of the data.....		40

First off, the battery life is INCREDIBLE! This is the first phone I have used where I can get two days of use on one charge! I would regularly charge the phone overnight one night, then go to bed at midnight with 55-60% left the next night, leave it unplugged, and finish the next day at midnight with around 2-5%. The size of the phone was just just about perfect for holding/scrolling with one hand, and I usually wear men’s size medium gloves for reference.		103

When compared with XS only visible difference would be screen, that too when kept side by side.		19

Awesome IPhone.. I have upgraded from iPhone 6 and I can notice the significant different in display, touch and XR is certainly faster. It is worth the upgrade..! Thank you Amazon for delivering it securely.		40

Got this phone for offer price. Everything is great from packing to delivery. Display quality is very good. Dual sim option is very good, got esim from airtel		32

Bought this phone for my wife. She is absolutely happy with the phone.		15

I want to replace this iphone because since i got this it worked well for w week then later on its speed is slowed down and even it hangs sometimes. Its been 3 months since i got this n i m already irritated with this device. My lighting usb has already stopped working .		56

Great phone for better photos and low light battery usage is much better than X		15

So overall it is a pretty nice phone, I honestly do not find much difference in features from my old iPhone 6. Apart from face recognition.		29

Good phone		2

I have been using Android for close to a decade and now decided to check out iOS. Thanks to Amazon Prime Sale, got iPhone XR for a discounted price(Still expensive), Coming to the iPhone itself, after using phone for 3 days, below are the points I came across.		56

Using this phone since 2 months. Here is my review. Hope you will find it useful.		19

I was skeptical looking at some XR reviews and also purchasing an iPhone off Amazon (previously always bought through Apple Stores). However, so far happy with what I have. The delivery was fast (on Prime, next day); all original packing (phone box) and phone is working fine. Touchwood - no issues. The Deal was good with the 10% additional HDFC discount. Go for 128 GB (or even higher) - the few extra thousand are worth it when you run out of space.		98

I got a defective iPhone XR. The screen is defective. There is a blue shade on all the four sides of the screen. The phone’s working completely fine though. So whoever purchased the phone while unboxing please check your device thoroughly. It was my mistake that i thought that maybe it is something related to software which will be fixed after software update but it did not. And in that belief i skipped my 10 days return policy as well. I still do not blaim amazon because i have purchased my Airpods from them as well. But still appario should not sell defective products to customers. Now i have to go through a hassle of getting the screen replaced from service centre and for that service centre will keep my phone for at least 7-10 days. It is disappointing that i have to go through all this for a brand new phone. The reason why i did not upload a pic is bcuz it will not be visible in a pic taken from another phone.		191

ALL good		2

I chose iPhone XR over x. The reasons are, it is 6.1-inch display and supports dual sim. the Battery Durability longs last. I got the Brand New peace (made in 2019, September) without any defect.		47

During the great India sale, I saw this model on offer and my sister was dying to get a new phone since her old phone was barely keeping up. I finally made up my mind,, arranged the funds and got it for my sister.		48

Phone looks beautiful. I bought it just one month before thru Amazon, when I put my sim it is speaker has not been working , it is difficult to listen voice sometimes it becomes disconnected. Although my android phone is working good at the same place. I do not know whom should I contact about my complaint.		62

After transition from Android to iOS, I felt Android is more user friendly compared to iOS.		18

I am not able to activate iphone after several attempts. Today only i purchased.		16

Hello friends!! This is my honest review after using it for almost 2 months. I was using android since last seven years but then I decided to go for iPhone. Here are the pros and cons according to me which I have felt after using it for almost 2 months		53

So upgrading from 6S+ to XR. First reactions:		11

Everything look good but I never expect.		8

Upgraded from 5s to xr after 3 years of 5s use. Purchased it at ₹37999 after low battery issues with 5s. Why I choose xr rather than iPhone 8 ,7 or even 6s even when I bought 5s after 3 years of its initial launch is		50

Before I start this review I will let you know, I love the Apple brand and I have never used a 1080p OLED phone in my life (This screen seems perfectly normal to me). That being said I will dive into the review. I got this phone on the Prime day sale and I have been using it for almost a month now and here are my thoughts about this phone.		76

Got this product in the amazon flash sale and got a decent discount. Have been using the device for a few days and can certainly say that this iPhone has the best battery life till date. Phone lasted for almost 30 hours with heavy usage. The face recognition has certainly been improved from iPhone X. The only thing I dislike about the phone is the Screen Quality. You will not find any major difference in the screen quality unless and until you stream Netflix or watch YouTube. Overall I feel this is one of the best iPhones apple has launched.		107

You will always feel cheated after buying an iPhone. It will get cheaper by every next 2-3 months.		22

I have been using this phone for a while now. When I decided to buy this phone I checked on negative reviews first and after buying thought of using it first and then give a feedback. This is the perfect Phone with all advanced features for a normal user, which is worth for the price. Moving unto the flaws seen on the feedbacks, most of them complaining about the display being low resolution and LCD. In my opinion you will not spot any difference with other iPhone displays. Another thing I have seen than lot of people complaining about the single camera, however, the picture quality you get will amuse you.		121

Bought this during Prime sale. I love to use Apple products because of its simplicity. I was using iPhone 6 and thought of updating. While the XS and XS Max are more than a Lakh in India, iPhone XR is bang for the buck. The prime day deal was more sweet and surprise to me. The operation and touch responses are silky smooth. Dual Sim with the eSIM works like a charm. Rear camera is awesome with face detection AI Bookeh in Portrait mode. Screen resolution is very good and crisp without any pixel issues. It lacks 3D Touch but Apple incorporated Taptic Engine which will be updated to replace 3D Touch functionality eventually (though some are present now, it is limited). Some APPs are not good in the notch area though but it is ok to manage. Overall a nice update.		157

Received the product next day only but packaging was not good as it is a cellphone box they should cover it with some thing Phone is working fine but some times apps automatically closes I am a bit confused if it is a genuine product or not I would suggest people not to buy from amazon you should go to your nearest store and buy it		66

I am a recent convert from Android. I have used Samsung and Xiaomi phones earlier. Here is my initial impression:		23

Do not get swayed by some lame reviewers on YouTube. If you r holding out for an iPhone purchase then this is the real deal. The Xr is a jack of all trades although not excelling in any. The A12 Bionic is a beast,n’uff said already, the stereo speakers sound sweet and battery life is great. I found the most bashed about lcd display very pragmatic for everyday use.The portrait shots taken with the camera look a stunner.With the reason price cut , this has turned out to be the VFM iPhone ever made		107

Received product yesterday and product looks perfectly awesome.		9

Excellent phone. I am using it since 3 months. No problem. Classy product. Bought during Diwali sale @39k. Excellent battery backup lasting more than a day. Mind that I am a heavy user. Excellent photos. SIRI works well. No issues faced. Must go for it over other Chinese product in this price segment.		65

Iphone not working since I opened the box. Apple support of little help. Amazon not taking the return. Asking for a report from Apple. Now I have to chase Apple to get a report. Nightmare starts when you buy from Amazon.		47

There are many pros about this phone which you must be already aware of . I would like to point out at cons		23

Face ID and front camera portrait mode is not working just after 3 months of purchase. It must be a problem of true depth sensor. My city (Imphal) apple servicing centre does not allow me to take for servicing and tells me to go to Guwahati (Assam) for this problem. May be a coincidence because this problem happened when I used amazon basics 10w fast wireless charger which I combine with xiaomi quick charge 3		82

I was using iphone 6 since last three years before switching to Iphone XR. The following are the things that impressed me the most.		26

Camera superb		2

I bought this iPhone XR from October Amazon Great Indian Festival at deep discount. At Rs 38000 after all discounts were applied was a WOW deal. THANK YOU Amazon.		32

Nothing can beat iPhone. This is my fourth phone (iPhone SE, iPhone 6, iPhone 8 and now this) purchased from Amazon. All are excellent phones. Except for screen resolution, iPhone XR is nothing less than XS or XS Max. In fact, the battery life is twice as that of iPhone 8. Face recognition is excellent even in dark while android phones lack this technology. White is a beautiful color. Delivery was before scheduled deadline and in good external packing.		93

I was bit worried about the authenticity of buying iphone online with unknown seller and by paying huge amount ,I took the Risk but i would say amazon and seller has done a wonderful job ,i checked the product in apple website and its a genuine product with 1 year warranty..iphone is iphone with best processor,camera ,good battery life ,good for gaming and with regular updates from apple ..		77

IOS:		2

It is a very awesome mobile. Overall it is really good. Hats off to apple that they provide these kind of of awesome products.		27

The iPhone XR goes blank the next day!!!		9

Was sceptical at first. But after I received the phone it is good and in mint condition. I am upgrading from iPhone 7 and it is worth it. My iPhone 7 was 3 years old, and was lagging before I took the leap. Camera is more like the android phone with some Chinese lens I think. Battery life is so soothing! Face recognition is like butter. (Do not know what will happen in the future) best part upgrading is the screen size. Totally worth it. Videos are a bit dull but for the cost it is worth it!! Thank you amazon for not sending a duplicate phone.		121

Well after buying this iPhone i am never switching back to android.		13

In two months the phone got destroyed its screen is filled with water its ip certification is nil bloody ios.....		21

Battery quality is worst I have honor 8c and it gives 2 days backup and this phone last only 12 hours with medium usage no fast charger takes tradatitional 3 hours for full charging if you want to waste your money then go for it if you r not brand conscious buy other brands phone with much more better configurations that too almost half of its price		67

Their is No earpods no lightning cable or connector in that box and will call after few minutes it blanks the call,not even a bip. Kindly give me some suggestions to rectify that		36

Got it for 38k during prime early access, one of the best purchase for value of money is considered. iOS 13 future releases might make it even more snappier and battery consumption efficiency. Played WOW Blitz in 60FPS and found no issues. Will post the PUBG and Fortnite review in few days. Battery back up is about 6hrs screen on time for apps usage scenario.		71

I ordered this phone on Diwali offer. The phone which I got first had display issue , so I got replacement for that.my previous phone was iPhone 6 Plus. After one week of using this phone, these are my honest review. Firstly the phone has excellent battery life . For average use, the battery lasts more than a day easily. Although charging takes time ie about 2 to 3 hours from 10% to 100%. As I am used to iPhone home button, I am feeling a bit uncomfortable with this phone as it has no home button. You have to swipe up every time from bottom to top to unlock the phone. It has no finger print sensor . So it is a bit difficult to unlock while you are in bed as you have to put you are face in front of the phone for FACE ID. Reach ability is an issue if you use one handed. Especially while using Facebook, when you have to swipe down from bottom line to make you are finger reach the top screen clicking options. Display of the screen is a bit below iPhone 6 Plus. So all in all the phone is just about satisfactory.		222

Good at 52k (the price at which I got the phone). The phone was not worth 76k when it was launched but at 52k it justifies itself.		30

I have bought it during prime sales , aside from discount i have bought it by paying just 36k		19

It is the latest offering from I phone. Simply great. Camera is superb. The glass back looks ultra premium, though I would suggest you to get a back protective case as glass is fragile. Got it in white and had to pay 1400 extra but it looks the best in white. You are spending 60000 on a phone so what is 1400 more to get the best		73

Fantastic mobile. Nicely integrated hardware and software nothing ever comes close to an Apple product. Smooth touch no lag, face identification works well. Camera is good. Battery lasts for 24 hours with moderate usage. Superb audio and video quality and iOS updates are always smooth. The apps are wonderful.👍Amazon delivery was on dot. the same offer is available at authorized reseller stores which happens around the time Apple launches a new version of iPhone.		85

IPhone SIM CARD SLOT NOT WORKING right from the beginning.		11

Dude i was confused first that which one i should buy oneplus 7pro or iphone xr, so i choosen xr for 40k on offer and every thing ia good but i am dissapointed with tha camera quality and display quality really i have iphone 7plus also but the display is far far better then xr and the camera is also better but i know iphone 7plus has dual camera and that is ok but dude detailing is missing and also zooming is also missing we get digital zoom which reduces tha quality....		94

In my initial review, I said that the iPhone XR was the best iPhone for most people right, and my thoughts about it have not changed six months later. This is still the best iPhone in the market, offering the same smooth and terrific user experience as the more expensive iPhone XS and XS Max, but with the knowledge that you are also getting the best battery life. In fact, the battery life is at par, if not better, to what the P30 Pro and the Galaxy S10+ offer and that is saying something.		105

I am facing cellular network issue with every new update. As per my understanding, Hardware is not compatible with the OS.		24

I have purchased this Apple iPhone XR (64GB) - Black for my use.		16

I got it during great Indian festival for 38,000rs. Great value for the price.		18

it has a receiver failer problem		6

It was my first iphone till date i was an android user . But believe me once you get over these phones you will not switch it away		28

iPhone XR is still a great buy. The price VS performance ratio on this phone makes it a very sensible buy. If you do not care about the latest and greatest this one year old offering from Apple is a far better buy. Only down side on the phone are as follows:-		56

Never thought about purchasing XR but could not stop myself when i saw this deal . Taken sudden decision and bought this. Very much worried till the delivery suspecting that the product would be refurbished or duplicate. But amazon kept thier commitment, i received a brand new orginal iphone.		53

First of all the Face ID is crazy fast and accurate even during pitch darkness. The phone is fast and smooth, you do not feel like you are having just 3Gb of RAM, it handles anything you through at it without a hitch. The phone does feel premium and at the same time delicate because the backside is glass,”as you know glass is glass and glass will break”. The pictures taken from the camera are good but the lack of night scape sort of things is a con. Overall the phone is great, although the side bezels are thick, you get used to it. The LCD screen does not lack anything compared to the OLED’s in day to day usage. You just stop thinking those things when you are using daily.		146

I was looking to upgrade from my iPhone 6 and was confused about iPhone 11 & iPhone XR. Decided to go for iPhone XR just from the cost perspective. Only from Camera and Processor POV there is an upgrade in iPhone 11 rest remains the same.		49

Bought it for 45k during sale		6

I had been using iphone 8 plus before and not a single time did I ever experience that phone heating up even after extensive usage. This piece however heats up to the extent making it uncomfortable to hold. If I use it for less than 10 mins, it works fine but any usage beyond that makes it hot. And on top of that, if the brightness level is set to max, its becomes an iron box(pun intended). Not expected off an apple device !		93

the screen has a slight dot at the bottom which i noticed while fixing guard. If it comes out as mfr defect apple will certainly fix it. but does not seem serious, will take to apple while it is still in warranty to know more and update.		51

Got the 128 GB model since an iPhone almost always run out of space and never have the option for an SD card like Android devices.		27

Overall the product is good from face id to Liquid retina. One thing surely standout for me is its surrounding speakers, they are really good(as per my experience), i got impressed With the work they have put in speakers. Sound is loud and clear.		51

M an iphone addict... my first was iphone 4, then 6 which my brother gifted me but this time i upgraded to xr with my own salary n m really happy ... specially the battery life.... and As i do not use camera much so potrait mode is not of much use to me.. face id recognition very nice... though you do not get the feel of holding iphone as it little bit big and on bulky side as compared to my iphone 6.... rest fuctioning everything is smooth so i think its worth the purchase... and if you have iphone 6 or 7 than only go for upgrade as i did lot of research and 8 and xs and xr they almost similar except for few features....		136

I am more or less stuck with the iOS platform because of the iwatch since I love its functionality. Upgraded from my 3yr old iPhone 7, was actually waiting for prices to drop post September this year but when Amazon came up with an unbelievable prime deal, I could not resist!		55

Easy to use, serves the purpose. I was an android guy for like last 7 years before that was using blackberry in between switched to ios as i used iphone 5c but at that time i was a bit disappointed may be because quite young i was and a bit techie but now i use my phone for basic purposes like calls, what is app, email, social media n bit gaming n music so it really handles that well though i was a bit hesitant at first as i was used to of finger touch sensor but seriously face recognition is damn good it works like a charm even when there is no light, so if you want no nonsense stuff n if it suits your requirements then go for it as now a days even droids are equally expensive in-fact some are more expensive like fold, razr etc. so just listen to your heart and buy ios or android and you will not go wrong, though i got mine in an offer for ₹43000 for 128 GB variant		191

Purchased this phone for a friend and he is very happy with the performance of the phone. Camera quality and features are the industry standard. For anyone refraining from buying an iPhone because it has only a single SIM slot, please be informed that this Phone does support Dual SIM if you use E-SIM. Airtel and Jio, for now, has E-SIM facility. For a more detailed review do visit my review website at excitedneurons(dot)com		89

Awesome product !! Far better than spending almost double for Xs, XS MAX, 11 as the difference is only display and camera. Otherwise everything is same. It would be definitely a bigger upgrade if anyone is switching from iphone 8 or 8+ to it. The entire UI is different. Icing on the cake is the PRIVACY, its the utmost priority of Apple it seems. Without you face id, nobody can see even the notifications. Its a must buy product.		91

I still do not understand why people are crazy about iPhone. I bough this phone for 42k in great Indian sale could not find much difference so for. It is been a week now. My old android is doing all the operation faster then this which detected my face quickly. And that has fingerprint support also. I am also crazy about this phone. My friend told that he will never go back to android again. That is the one reason for me to buy this phone. Let me wait for one more month to become addicted. Till then I will leave the rating to 4*. When you think that this phone is expensive, that is proving that this phone is for royal customers :p. Go for it if you are affordable.		145

I have received this product with manufacturing defect in it. Screen has LED bleeding problem. Contacted the service team of Apple and they are ready to replace.		30

The iPhone XR is by far the best that Apple had to provide in the recent years with no doubt. Right from the camera to its horsepower battery backup, everything is top notch.		36

I bought XR after 11 came out. I read a few articles and saw a few video reviews which said that the real difference between the phones was the camera and that it was negligible and not worth the price difference.		43

My Opinion-I do not know why people are saying it is an excellent display, personally i do not like the display at all, No doubt colour accuracy is good, Touch response is good, but it not that sharp, text looks blurry.		49

I have been using my iPhone XR for over 10 months now. So far, everything's hunky-dory.		23

Thanks to amazon for giving it for great deal, iphone xr 128gb is absolutely fantastic, with good battery life, camera, and performance. Since 6 months waiting to upgrade from 6s, compare to 6s xr a bit bigger in screen size for me apart from that its a great device to use, thanks to the seller 3 years back got 6s from the same seller and it still works pretty well without any issues.		81

I love this phone... especially since I wanted it for a long time... would recommend it for both apple owners and those looking to become iPhone owners...camera quality is amazing... was able to activate the esim without hazzels.. 2 reasons that I switched my old phone for...size was a concern initially since I was accustomed to only iPhone 5, SE, 6... lightning cable is a disadvantage with this phone as the charging point n headset points are the same... but I knew it when I was getting it... so got used to it now		107

I believe firmly that this is the Best Affordable Phone Apple has ever made!!!		15

Battery life will surely amaze the buyer, I use to charge my iPhone 7 Plus at the 100 percent to my office at 10AM and while returning by 7 PM it used to be approx 7-8 percent remaining. I use my phone for basic tasks and PUBG during break. Now when XR came to my hand the very first day I forgot to charge my phone to 100 percent and took it to my office at 62 percent. Amazingly it had 33 percent charge while I was leaving my office and I even played 3 evoground matches of pubg that day during my break. It was my dream to have long lasting iOS enabled devices which came true with this spectacular device. One should blindly go for it if performance and battery is your huge concern.		145

Wow Wow Apple iPhone XR Looks Amazing In Stunning White Colour Thanks To Amazon For Giving For Best Price In The Market Love You Amazon For Quick Delivery But Packaging Is Not That Great It Should Be In More Secure Packaging When Comes To Phone After 8 Years I am Using Again iPhone Before I Used iPhone 4s Now Again Coming Back From Android Phones To IOS Makes mee feel Happy And This Phone Is a beast go for it .		81

I was always an iPhone user till 8+ , then thought of changing to note 8 I loved that phone too but over the period of time I started realising there is nothing like IOS and iPhone. After using two high end androids (i keep changing phones) I witched back to iPhone and OMG I must say it has even become better it is so smooth like a butter on pan and IPhone X r is beauty, Liquid Retina is awesome and beautiful will not make you miss oled also the battery back up is woooowww . This is the first ever phone I bought thru AMAZON I was skptical but thought of taking risk and yes Amazon delivered what they promised thru FREEDOM sale got a very good deal for 128 gb everyday I fall in love with this phone ..		147

6.1 inches screen for a phone is pretty good, feels heavy, but all that pales in comparison after the actual features of the phone are unlocked.I was informed that phone can be tracked even when switched off as per the new ios 13 update, camera quality is better , both front and back , fast charging too is great, i like the idea that the body is aluminium made as compared to the latest which after checking and reviewing holds up better after drop tests, face id recognition is great, but need back up in the form of app lock for unauthorized usage.Overall a great phone, at a amazing price, do not miss the chance to buy it, even if you feel it is heavy on your wallet, you will not get such a good phone loaded with features else where.Its like how the iphone 7 was the benchmark for future models , same goes for this phone.		177

Excellent deals offered by Amazon 38k after bank discount.......best iPhone for every aspect.......good camera ...... battery backup excellent......... looks elegant.....feels premium in hand.....and one think i said to all , though it is a 720p display but display is excellent quality.......there is no panicked about it....and also played 1080p video in YouTube.......so .....go for it.......this is best budget iPhone at this price point......thank you Amazon........		86

I bought 128g at 57k performing much faster and more smoother experience on an iPhone. Battery life is above average. app switching is lightning fast.		28

I love it <3		5

I phone always like a dream phone... purchased this in diwali sale in 38 k rs. My previous phone was s8 moved to xr and no regrates.		30

Thank you amazon i got iphone XR 64GB black variant for 38000/- on big billion day sale		18

Top end model IPhone XR with the Price of 42k😎 Extremely satisfied... I was an android user for 6yrs and this was my first upgrade to iPhone.. Battery Standby is just next to impossible in any smart phones these days, Face ID fab!(One dis - If I covet half of my face during bike riding, it does not recognise me😂)		68

Good phone. Go for it if you want an iPhone experience. Truth be told, I do miss a finger print sensor. But, at updating to iOS 13 the performance of the Face ID head become significantly faster.		43

I will not recommend anyone to buy XR,if you are considering iphone from camera perspective.		18

There is nothing to dislike about this phone. I forgot Android after using this. This is superior class,you ll feel it when you hold it. Do not be a sad face for 3GB Ram, it is better than 8GB Android. Facelock can recognize you in dark. There is no finger print scanner. But still it is no issues		67

First of all got it for 38000. Great at this price but or maximum at 45k nothing more than that for this phone.		25

I was previously a user of iPhone SE and was wonderstruck with its abilities. But due to battery life had to look at a changeover. However looking at the price was little suspicious whether the phone would be worth for the money. Here are the pros n cons...		52

This phone is good , i got it at Rs.45000 during this diwali sale, but after using this i was bound to think on the various aspects : considering the Ram and ROM ( 3 GB and 64 GB ) in this case , is the price ok , i felt that its really overpriced, we can get more features in Phones like Redmi Note 8 pro which is priced at around 16K ( discounts and bank offer are separate) this means we are paying for brand name or goodwill price simply to Apple. Then why we are not going for One plus models made in china as Apple i phone is also made in china for your information.		126

This is my first iPhone after 10 years of being an android user. This review is after using this phone for 2 months. The performance has been top notch, battery life is very good considering most of my days are moderate to heavy usage I still find 20-30 % battery the next day. Camera is good too but at time you miss the secondary lens for portraits and portraits do not work on objects.		81

I am writing this review after using this phone for more than 10 days now . I upgraded this phone from iPhone 7 . The phone is really good , worth a buy if its on good sale . 128gb - around 55k		43

I am using apple from last 7 years. And never change apple phone frequently. I was using iPhone 6s from last 3 years but due to less space and batter backup, I need to upgrade it. I choose Apple iPhone because it is in between AppleXS and Apple X. Hardware A12 bionic chipset with 3 GB ram give my phone high speed on top of 128GB space thrilled the whole experience. In this new apple XR I still missed the center button especially when I play the games. Camera output is an amazing especially back camera. Also would like to appreciate the battery backup, I hardly change more than one time in 24hours. Now I do not need to my battery back always along with me ROFL.		138

The best decision that I took was to give away my Samsung galaxy S8 and get this phone. I was skeptical at first considering on paper specs and the obvious inferior display. But I used it in a retail store and I did not mind the display at all. It was one drawback that i could live with if i was getting everything much better than on the android side at the price range.		78

Iphone is good. It do not have fingerprint reader, only faceid and password.		16

iPhone XR performs better than those specs that it showed in paper for XR.		15

A reasonably good product if you are into the Apple ecosystem and do not want to splurge.		18

Looks great and behaves well too. Camera is quite good for its resolution. Excellent battery life. Thank god I got rid of my android phone, finally!		31

Gifted my wife with this phone for her birthday. Thanks to amazon for the fast delivery and maintaining their quality standards.		23

iPhone XR with A12 bionic chip with 3 GB RAM is fast. This is my 1st iPhone and I am very impressed with it is performance, processing power is fast and iPhone is very easy to use and it fits in my hand very well.		48

This is my first iPhone. I am happy with the performance of XR. With hdfc credit card discount and exchange of old phone, it costed me 49.7k. Both front and rear Camera quality is great, battery lasts whole day with normal use. Face recognition is better than OnePlus 6T. XR’s almost HD display can give tough competition to major FHD phones, side by side you will not be able to spot any difference. Display is so crisp, no eye strain. And ios is buttery smooth. XR is more value for money than XS or X		111

Best mobile compare to other Apple mobiles		7

Awesome cellphone i have ever used..i have switched from Android(OP) to ios..which I believe..it cannot be compared with any os we have in market..coming to the device it is really awesome battery on an average use last for a day..i don not play any game..I mostly spend time on Twitter and on other apps...the only worst thing i find is the charging rate which really sucks...it takes appx an hour to full juice. Camera has been the best...not as good as of Samsung s series and note series but for me its the best...face recognition works like charm...		123

Its Apple so no comments on their quality and user experience. Fabulous purchase got it at 43K which is worth and enjoying it		24

Got this iPhone XR 128GB in an awesome deal of rs. 42,999 thanks to amazon.		19

need i say anything about this phone! it is a bomb. i bought the product red 64GB varient and let me tell you its sexier than it appears in the pictures. camera quality is really good. the portraits are awesome even though it has a single lens. the bezzel looks a bit wide compared to XS and XS Max, but if you are upgrading from Iphone 8 Plus or lower you will not find it different. The liquid display is really nice with wide range of colors displayed really well. i got this during the independence day sale for Rs.52K and its definitely a great deal. DEFINITELY RECOMMENDED!		120

To review iPhone! Probably the only one I could afford but totally worth it.		16

This is the best value for money you can get. iPhone 11 has only a marginal improvement compared to iPhone XR. But the performance is almost at par with them. I had an iPhone 6s, which ran almost 4 years. Touch and feel you get from your iphone is unparalleled with any other phone.(I have used all platforms)		66

I bought a iphone XR ,Which has some screen and camera issues ,screen is freezing ,Amazon custome r Care talk like we did mistake ,not gud behaviour called to amazon ,they asked to go Apple store,already visited there from apple support we got information battery already replaced of this IMIE number.I told them ,but they were not agree,they again and again saying go there,we cannot replace it.we just requested also said we paid 50000 for that but they do not agree,so if you buying pn and you have any issue in phone even it would be damaged they are not going to replace IT,and this seller is selling refurbish product.		131

Great phone! Best ux in the class, no offense android but why does my calculator need permission to access my contacts?		24

Not sure whether genuine product. Bought it on the first day of amazon sale. Within 15days, got a vertical line in the middle of display- see photos. Have bought 5 apple devices in the past and never had any problem with any of them so far. Since the return window closes within 19 days have to now take it to apple service center. Seriously makes me thing about the originality of the product.		81

Good phone. Great screen size. But apple still has not fixed low light shooting. It still looks like crap when compared to oppo or Samsung or the +one series. It is incredible how we end up paying so much for an iPhone which still does not get its camera right. Battery life is good. Downside is the replacement of the phono jack for headphones with its lightning socket which operates both charger and headphones - which means you can only do one thing		90

I just got my iPhone XR 128GB White phone. I feel am lucky to get 12% discount on MRP. In addition 10% discount on my Credit card. Also an 2% instantaneous cashback on a special day. Total paisa-vasool!!		48

Got it after discount for 43000+ additional value of 4000 on phone exchange.		15

Feels like got robbed by apple I bought it for 64990 and after 10 days of launching iPhone 11 the price of this phone reduced to 54990 10000 drastic drop. Its bionic A12 chip is good and smooth but battery performance is bad, and it does not even have Fingerprint sensor, the face detection will not work at all angles. Need to stop buying this apple product.		72

The iPhone is a great phone, but I am really impressed with amazon. I recieved the phone in less than 36hrs and checked the warranty and coverage on the Apple website. Everything was right in place, turns out I was unnecesarily hesitant to purchase the phone online. Also got one year screen insurance free in addition to the heavy discount!		66

My review after one month of use		7

Pathetic experience with this phone . Bought it for 60K and not worth the price . Assembled in China and lot many issues with battery and other features . Better to buy from stores which are assembled in India and are cheaper with better quality check . Learnt hard way to never but electronics from amazon .		57

I hot this product with 37K during big billion sale ,and the product is super but it is not for you if you are a camera freak . Back camera and front camera both are good but front camera night vision is not enough . Over all battery life is good . Potrait mode photos also good (without having a dual back camera)		66

Not going to lie while I was transferring my iCloud stuff, the phone got heated up to the point where I had to switch it off and then start over again.		33

The best camera and feel of security...		8

This is my 4th apple product. As usual, it is apple works fine . Will easily can last upto 4 years. Battery- is just awesome, can last you full working day with heavy useage.		40

My second iphone and 3rd apple product so i can clearly say that if you are the first time user of apple product then you will surely give iphone XR 5 star rating but if you have been a long run user then you will think twice to give even 4 star also to this, may be after demise of Steve jobs apple has compromised with its quality, where as in till 2015 there were no comparison with any phone with iphone but now few products are giving strong comparison to it, apple is now only encashing its name but it will not good for the future of apple because now a days consumers are more aware, and if you are not giving 5 star to iphone the. Probably you have dealt with a wring product, sorry but not completely happy with XR. May be i will think next time when i will be upgrading my phone.		165

Best battery life in an iPhone.		7

Awesome experience. Camera, performance and battery life is great. Totally worth every penny spent!		18

1.The battery life is good.		8

I got a very bad product from Amazon. This was really not expected from Amazon. i do not know whether its an issue from Apple or Amazon. From the day it has come it started giving me issues.Issues related Hardware like Distorted sound i.e. Other person cannot listen the voice clearly, voice becomes like mute, and Software Issues like Phone getting hanged [NEVER HEARD IOS HANGING], Not able to unlock the phone moreover not able to recieve a call. I am the first time user to the iPhone and got this sort of bad experience which was never thought of or never expected.I am really disappointed with the product.Also I think Battery Life can be improved. Camera quality and Face reader is OK.		142

Thanks to Amazon for putting it on sale for 43K . Wonderful phone to have at such price . Battery life is perfect for heavy users . Although a double camera would have made it perfect.		37

Honestly speaking I love apple products due to the simple design and fluid user experience with the products. I am a fan of black but i got the Product RED as part of the amount goes for HIV research.		41

This phone is just awesome. Screen is really good and bright, you cannot really make a difference between the screen and an AMOLED screen. I have compared them side by side. You cannot really say the difference.		42

Note: No fingerprint reader in the phone so please consider it as the review of face id.		19

Received a faulty set, had to take it to a service centre within 2 months and they had to replace it with a new phone.		27

Good purchase during the sale. I like it. Moved from 6 to XR, which makes it bulky in your hand. But i will get use to it. Battery backup is good. I love the photos clicked in Protrait mode.		46

Good phone. Being a 1st time user of ios, i liked it a lot. Although the compromises made for this phone like inferior display, big bezels nd notch are cleary visible and annoying. Battery life is top notch although supplied 5 watt charger is a trash. Using my iPad charger to charge it fast. Camera gives dslr quality pics in daylight nd outdoors but night photos are below average. In total a good package to try out apple ecosystem.		88

I purchased this phone from amazon during the freedom sale got it for an effective price 49k . This is my first iphone and honestly not regretting a bit . I was worried about the specs such as LCD screen and camera quality but it did not disappoint me this one camera on XR is 1000 times better than those Three cameras on my samsung A50 and the LCD screen hardly makes a difference its crystal clear and vibrant . The battery life is just beautiful it can stand for 48hours on a single charge . Overall it a good buy , Apple is never great with specs but the always kills it		113

The phone was not getting power on..		8

It is a fabulous product. I am sure everyone knows it is quality. Only one thing that I should mention here regarding the battery. I was definitely expecting a better battery life in the normal mode. It is merely giving a day with normal usage in that mode. However, in the Low Power Mode, its giving a great battery life without compromising any regular features of the phone.		76

My experience with iPhones was never bad but this time with iPhone XR the phone started hanging from the very first month, it has not yet been a month and is already hanging.. did not expect this from apple gadgets. everything else is good the battery life , camera but its a little heavy, heats up and has started HANGING.		65

Since from a lot of months i have been waiting to buy an iPhone XR in great Indian sale and as more than I expected I bought this mobile for a huge price drop thanks to Amazon for that.I ordered on Saturday noon 1 Pm and I got the product on the next day early morning 7 Am a super fast delivery from Amazon.		67

If you are an Android user, you will find iPhone difficult in many respects. Firstly iPhone is not google friendly. Google updates will not happen automatically. Many free apps found in Android phones are not available in iPhone set up or you have to pay dearly. And there are many moreeeeeee......		57

This is my first iPhone and I am being excited. Close to a month now and I am still saying my new iPhone.		25

Hi Team,		3

I do not understand why would anyone use any other phone other than Iphone. God please forgive their ignorance. They know not what they are missing		28

My iphone was excellent bt i want my iphone complete bill...in box I cannot receive bill		18

Waited for a long time to get this mobile		9

Want to return but you are not accepting it.. Bad experiance on amazon... Really paying a huge amount and giving bad quality products....		26

The product is awesome i have brought the same in Sep & there has been no issues it is currently running on IOS 13.2.2 & the phone is very fast it also has e-sim which is a major plus point face recognition is very good without any hassle & the battery is good enough to take it for a day & half. As this phone was bought after APPLE TV + was released we have received a annual subscription free with the product from 1st Nov 2019		94

Pls pls do not buy from amazon or any other site buy it from store because i got a defected xr its face id is not working and it is having heating issues and now amazon is also not replacing it		41

This is my third iPhone and I must say - each time Apple introduces an iPhone, they improve a lot in each model. iPhone XR is one of best selling iPhone for year 2018. Its not that cheap but still standout in crowd. Its not expensive than iPhone XS but still have all the features same as other top models- only difference is OLED screen but I can live with that. Recently introduced iPhone 11 and XR have only one difference which is of Price. Most of the features are exactly same. Best Battery backup ever in an iPhone I must say. Soothing and flawless iOS. Camera is more than average and very much improved as compared to previous generations. Glass frame back and front and very appealing to eyes. Overall, a satisfactory experience with this device. A must buy if are considering iPhone 11 but have low budget.		164

Fingerprint reader given one star coz it has Face ID 😂, it works lightning fast (even in the dark) , super build quality, battery backup is nuts (works for more than 2 days with decent use) , Camera quality is amazing for photography and videography. Preferred product over iphone X if screen quality is not the main thing to notice (does not matter if you do not watch 4K videos on youtube)		80

Using an iPhone after 6 years. Have been using Android and the transition is bit difficult as I am used to having different functions. Happy with product, it is not as bulky as I assumed. Vibrant colour and smooth functioning. Delivery was also very quick.		51

Looks: 5 /5		5

Display 3.7/5 — but you will get use too it not too bad better than expensive android phones (DO NOT BUY IF DISPLAY IS YOUR PRIORITY)		32

Only face recognition and no fingerprint. I think the phone is very good. Screen could be little smaller However these days only big screen phones are being launched so let us wait for future.		37

Heyaa! I just purchased Iphone couple of weeks back and its been 15days of my experience with iphone! This is the first ever Iphone for me and i am super excited to buy this....here goes my quick review in brief about the entire phone specs!		50

3 years with iPhone 6s and never faced a lag or hang . Battery started draining faster obviously 3 years and heavy usage did that .		26

It is very sad to say that Amazone allow to seller to sell the Damage iPhone to their site,.I purchase iphone XR but after receiving it is found that speaker was not good,vibration problem and camera quality was bad.I contacted to Amazone customer care but they refuse to do the same.”, Amazone customer told that everything ll be look by iPhone care.I went there and they told me to submit the phone.They r not Exchanging the same.Its been feel like I m using 2nd hand phone.Really very disappointed.		104

It is good to be back with Apple and IOS!!		11

It is my first iphone ..i had also read a review about this phone which made me convinced to buy this particular product and model,though color yellow is my own choice,actually I wanted to buy iPhone 11 but when I read a review about this phone i got convinced bcoz sometimes it is really difficult to decide between to best things. Guys whosoever wants to buy iPhone 10 xr plz go for it it is a beautiful phone with all latest feature. Picture quality, screen touch, face recognition,battery life every thing is perfect,And trust me you will not regret..!!💕.		113

Great deal.. Got it for 42999 for 128 GB version		11

Pros:		2

I had s4 and SE...bought this because it is from apple..I am not a techie.. now I like SE		24

I received the phone on 21.10.2019, the phone operation was fine till 23.10.2019 and from next day it showed NO SIM after that all other sims were tried but the phone always displayed no sim installed and never worked again, this is the first time I had such a bad experience with Amazon, I was very very upset and today handed over the I phone Xr 128 GB to the authorised service centre in Kolkata, their response was not very positive and they will give feedback in 4-6 days time.		105

Fantastic Apple phone in this price range.		8

It is genuine and good phone. Esim facility is not working. May have to check with the service provider as well.		24

The name Apple defines everything. Awesome phone. The delivery was on time thanks to Amazon.		18

Good battery life and attractive design, amazon offered great discount so went for it, little heavy but that is OK. Overall very nice product		27

Thanks for Amazon for genuine product and safe delivery. Couple of month back i bought this mobile for 55,999. I am quite shock to see the reduction in price. However, The mobile works absolutely fine and truely a flagship phone. Smooth UI, Outstanding camera and average battery life.		57

Delivered with in 2 days, Thanks to Amazon Prime.		11

Best iphone out there coming from iphone 6 , XR just blown my mind away . Below are pros n cons of the phone		24

Phone not working. Phone was autotyping and then eventually frozen screen. I bought on 15th oct and barely used for few days. No support from amazon for replacement for defective piece. One thing to note that when I received this piece, it was in a locked bag. However, there should have been some QR code on bag which the delivery boy scans. There was no such code on the bag and the delivery center sent the qr code as whatsapp on my phone.		92

Indeed a great phone. After a month usage I can say following:		14

While on call, if you want to see the screen, it takes time to turn on. So if you want to disconnect or add another call, frst you have to wait for the screen to turn on.. which is very irritating. One cannot even press the home button as it is not there in xr. Even aftr pressing power key, screen does not turn on immediately nd pressing it twice results in disconnection of call. 😤😤		85

Thank you amazon for letting me hv this phone for under 40k. Everything about the phone is exceptional and for a change battery is excellent. Camera is good too and with dual sim capabilities the phone is sure a winner. The 11 is the same phone with just dual camera but 20k higher. So it did not make sense to buy the iPhone 11.		69

iOS 13 is a failed attempt from apple. The phone does not have a smooth wifi or network connectivity. Its worse than some other phones half the cost. Absolute disappointment. Even older phones like 5s and 6s do not show network issues while the iPhone XR has these issues. Apple support is clueless and cannot solve the issue. Disappointed with this apple product. All else is good just that the phones connectivity which is the most important thing for a phone is atrocious. Avoid if you can.		96

I am very happy with this Apple product except call records. I did not find any app that suits my iOS XR in the store, rest everything works well.		32

Everything on this XR works extremely well but the only problem that i have faced is that there is some kind of manufacturing defect in the camera lens.The photos shot have a black spot kind of smoky.Its only visible when something bright like sky or white wall is shot.Also,I have wiped the camera glass many times so it is not on the camera but the inside lens.Guys,phone is quite good just be careful while purchasing can happen with anyone.		92

I have been using iPhone XR for about a week and I am impressed with the purchase and the phone has met my expectations. Here are some of the facts:		32

For: Great battery life for an iPhone		8

Pros - good screen resolution, camera quality, battery back up is good. Good screen size.		19

I purchased this phone (Apple iPhone XR (128GB) - Black) during the Amazone Deewali sale, working fine and no issues so far. Installation and configuration was pretty easy as my previous phone was also iphone. I have checked and verified the product and it is a genuine one. The convenience part is copying contacts, photos , audio & video files took less than 2 min. In overall, phone is good and i got it for around 50K with a Credit card refund offer of 2.5k back after 3 months. But I did not receive the refund so far. Spoke to bank and they advised to get in touch with Amazon. Not sure where to reach now.		133

I was a bit skeptical about buying it on Amazon. But happy to say..No regrets at all on this purchase. Works exactly as advertised. Absolutely no issues at all. Great battery life, nice photos. While the other variants of the latest iPhone have oled screen, this one has an lcd screen. But I do not think it is making a difference to me. The screen quality is excellent. Overall very satisfied with this purchase.		87

First time iOS user. Shifted from android to iOS finally		11

Reviewing the device after a months of usage.		9

Battery life 5 hour and heating too much...Amazon se na kharide phone Sayed discount ke Naam pe refurbished phone dete hain....iPhone me heating problem samanya nahi hain....mera phone change kardo amazonwale		37

Nice phone got it for rs44000 after discount.with no cost emi from Amazon icici credit card. Red is beautiful. Battery back is good last for more than one day in my case. Performance, quality And finish awesome. Got update to iOS13. Amazon super fast delivery in 14hrs. Phone was covered with innovative tamper proof packaging and a code ,otp was provided to me by sms before delivery. Code to me matched with code on packaging.		87

There is no fingerprint sensor as its Iphone X series..face lock works good even in dark. Display is good fully visible in outdoors. Nice battery backup. Dual sim makes it awsome i.e one E Sim and normal one. May pay nominal fee for esim to operator. Currently only Jio and Airtel support esim..so please consider that.		68

I received this product with slight scratch on the camera edges. It can be easily noticeable and		18

My 1st iPhone. I liked it. Only difficulty I find is I did not get much variety Of cases and cover for this model. You have to use for hands to handle this phone because of its size and skin. I purchased it in sell at Rs 46k in Nov 19. I prefer volume keys to be in right hand side and music aux cable on top which makes a mobile easy to handle and operate		81

I had purchased the Mobile for Gift to My Son. When I started it on 23rd Oct I found that the some of the functions of the Mobile are not working. To my disapointment I could not return as it was not showing the option. The return period was valid but could not return.		58

I bought a Product Red iPhone XR in the Great Indian Amazon sale in exchange for my 3 year old iPhone 7. I got the 128 GB version for ₹ 40k.		33

Best value for money apple device right now got this iphone xr for 38k steal price totally worth it i am not an apple fanboy i use my oneplus 7 along with this device the softare smoothness is unmatchable camera is great and brand value is superb but main cons is slow charger it takes almost 3hr to complete the charge and display is also good but flat/accurate colours but i like the saturated one of my 1+ 7 but the quality is very nice closer to 1080 full hd panel for so under 45k is the best apple device you can get but if display is your main priority than oneplus 7t is a better overall device along with fast charging in this price range		129

I checked the IMEI with Apple once i got the phone and it is genuine		15

Hi, i have purchased this phone on 27th sep, as i am prime member so i got this product on 30th september I have created apple i. D pass word.. Since morning the very next day of product received.. Today is 1st oct 2019.. In a single day.. Even not completing 24 hours.. It is getting hang.. And it took time to almost 4 hours to unlock my device.. Even though i was not able to unlock my screen		89

I have been using this Phone for about 5 months. I had used 5s and 6s plus. This phone is definitely a Big Big upgrade from former models. It is brilliant in every possible way. The two main concerns which I had earlier with iPhones were battery life and secondary SIM card. I am happy that finally Apple heard us and released this beast. You might wonder about thick bezels and LCD display on this phone. I bet you do not notice them at all when you get along with this phone. No wonder why XR is the best selling smartphone worldwide. Battery life is excellent. Enough of reviews. Just go for it. You will not regret at any point of time!		135

A superb smartphone at this price range, bought k20 pro a few days back but wanted to get an iPhone, got it on the early prime member sale at an amazing price, everything is perfect, except for the camera which shows a yellowish pictures everytime rest of all battery, screen performance is what I needed the most and this did not let me down. Thanks amazon and apple for timely delivery and a best product		81

Everything is awesome except battery.		6

This does not seem to be a genuine product. My phone goes completely silent many times and i have to restart it. The seller is not genuine. Better go for other sellers or offline.		38

Really super experience,simply best quality,since 10 eyrs I used android and now feeling ios and iPhone quality,before I used Samsung S9plus which bought for 65k now it is awailable for 28k means 25k worth product they sold for 65k.So my final openion is shift to ios and iphone xr is value for money.		62

Best battery life amongst current iPhones...lightning fast with the most current A12 processor...specs are almost at par with the iPhone XS/XS Max...except for the camera and display. All in all...excellent price/value equation.		46

I purchase in amazon festive sale at 40000 which is great but if one buy under 50000 at that price also it is amazing		24

I am regular Amazon buyer for many years now.Got my first iPhone xr delivered on 7/10/2019.But sorry to inform it stopped working from 21/10/2019.Amazon delivered Apple phone which is a most trusted brand in world.Do Not know whose fault it is.I contacted Apple authorised service centre ie. Icare who has d mobile to Bangalore.And now I am waiting for their reply.My trust on Amazon is affected		89

Product is good what we bought from Apple store but what Amazon delivered is not good I suspect this not good quality product Amazon delivered during sale with in a month one day this iPhone abruptly went off ND I was not able to on it again		47

Very beautiful phone...very long battery life, superb camera quality...thanks a lot Amazon for such great discount during prime day sale n for making it affordable ...very happy with my purchase😊😊😊		37

The phone is a little big and handling it single handed might be a problem but size matters ! The display and the face recognition is awesome		27

Still now doing great . iPhone XR is a great phone , upgraded from iPhone 8+ , n i am totally satisfied. Yellow is a beautiful colour but the only con is the side bezels n aluminium frame colour.		42

Good battery backup so far. Little bit heavy compared to my previous version. Face unlock feature is a bit irritating sometimes as it gets unlocked sometimes when you do not want to do it		36

Well I am writing this review after 3months of usage.		11

Writing this review after 1 week of usage. Purchased the 128 GB version during the freedom sale for 57k. I was confused between One plus 7 Pro, IPhone XS and the XR and I must admit that it turned out to be a good decision. Its a classy product and feels premium in hand compared to other devices in this price range. The features that the other phones boast about are hardly being used in day to day life unless you are an avid gamer. The screen size is just perfect and quality is not bad as being highlighted in some of the reviews on youtube. Battery life is excellent, camera is very good and the phone is waterproof. Performance is excellent with A12 Bionic processor.		136

I used to be an apple hater but no other phone ever matches the gaming optimisation of the iPhone XR/XS/XS Max. These devices with the A12 bionic chip just beat any other android devices in graphics rendering performance without a doubt. People have been complaining about the display that is basically 828p but trust me, you will not even notice the difference between a proper 1080p screen and this one. In fact this screen looks better than most of the 1080p mobile phone screens (thanks to the liquid retina display technology it uses). The camera is amazing in all aspects and one of the best out there in the smartphone market but it cannot click portraits without detecting a human face (P.S. you can download an app named halide at the appstore to click non human portraits).		152

After 2 weeks of usages I am giving my review:		11

Very good phone but can be priced better as this can be considered as low in value for money otherwise		20

Best budget phone from Apple with better image stabilisation similar to iPhone XS. Battery life is extremely competitive with one plus battery's lifetime.		27

One of the best iPhone ever. Features are fabulous and battery life is excellent. On an average it lasts up to 10 hrs if you are an extensive phone user. This includes data usage and voice calling. Bit heavy I comparison to other iPhones or android phones but might be that is the trick it is good on battery life. I will give 10/10		71

The camera quality is not as good as I excepted it to be. It forms grams in the captures which is very evident when the pictures are projected on a monitor or a tv screen. Battery life is superb, goes more than 36 hours with normal usage until it hits the 20% low. Face recognition is perfect.		63

Everything else is quite well except battery consumption which does not lie with the promised service that is upto 25 hrs of talktime (wireless) and upto 16 hrs of video streaming (wireless), at all.		39

Hi, The device is good as it has everything what people look for in this price segment, i have used both i11 and XR , 11 is best because it has new processor rest XR is also a good option.		43

I have received this product on 1 Jul 2019, Since then i am experiencing difficulty with wi-fi Connections (taking some time to connect, not connecting spontaneously, not detecting other Wi-fi connections). Face ID not working properly (taking time to detect). I was thinking Amazon sold the one of the damaged product. Very bad experience with such a costly mobile ordered in Amazone		74

Got.the product today, heating up very fast , and also not connecting to Android and other equipment. Not performing when trying to upload to cloud, etc. Connectivity issues. Amazon says no refund , am in the.process of cancelling other buy orders.		51

Was using X 64gb from last 2 yrs, apart from OLED display things are pretty much the same		19

Awesome...		2

iPhone XR is brilliant perfect value for money phone giving all the specs of latest iPhone in a reasonable price. Packs the same display, screen & pixel density as iPhone 11 only difference being camera upgrade & A 13 bionic processor rest almost everything is same. Excellent battery life, display in iPhone XR. The White Colour looks simple, sober & classy unlike dull creamy white in XS or XS Max last year. All in all a very good phone & thoroughly satisfied with it.		92

This phone really feature-rich.		7

Terrific Purchase. Initially there was a heating issue while updating software but it has gone now and working excellent.		21

Coming from iphone 8, i really did not need this upgrade..but believe it or not..i am flattered..got a stellar deal of 40k for 128GB..camera is good from iphone 8..overall still it cannot beat my other beast Samsung Galaxy S10 plus..but here is the cliche..an iphone is an iphone.		64

I was worried that it will be little oversized with 6.1 inch but fits well . Battery backup is good one full charge keeps it running for 1.5 days . Not tested camera yet . Got it in very good deal at 46k . Blue colour looks good.		53

Third class screen and resolution, Very poor outdoor visiblity, network issue with dual sim, wifi drop/speed issue, slow data/ltr issue...slow charger included which takes ages for full charge...		39

I am writing review after two months of usage.		10

Great battery life. We are getting a battery life of almost upto 2 days now.		17

I was skeptical at first. Some people mentioned that they received fake of defective products. In my case, the product is genuine. I checked it is serial number on Apple website too. There is no difference in performance compared to people who bought from stores.		51

What do I say about it. Night vision of camera is not at all good. Battery literally gets drain if we use mobile data for longer time. Yes but I have to admit if we do not use mobile data or wifi battery life is longer. Face recognition is not as fast as I was thinking compare to other brands with same features. But I loved my iPhone regardless of all this little issues.		80

All the performance is good with all working features. and the main point was the battery backup of the phone it will minimun 1 and 1/2 day and another amazing think is i got no heating in this phone while i playing games like pubg mobile,cwc2 etc.Also a measure think is there is no comparison of ios with android. IOS is best in his performance.		74

Overall its a good product, battery backup is little bit good compared to other iphone models.., Camera is Okay but i have seen mostly noise in the photos.Sound quality is as usual awesome, and I did not tried underwater test but tried splash test, it is up to the mark upon splash proof....I am using it since last 3 months I did not face any problem...Go 4 It👍🏻		79

Switched to iPhone XR from MI A2		7

Amazon people are least bothered after giving a defective product.Such a costly product and i wonder how they can give such a defective Apple product and the customer has to run around with that.Amazon will ask to contact Apple support center and submit it there. and if you contact Apple customer care they will ask to contact Amazon. it just goes around like that.After submitting to Apple now amazon people are relectuent to take it back... its been 5 days without any solution...Please do not buy iphones from Amazon...Worst experience...		104

Its been one week since i bought it. I am completely satisfied with the product. Screen is quite big. Only and only problem is with the Charger. It takes 3 hours to charge the phone to 100%. Otherwise everything else is worth the price we are paying.		53

I bought this iPhone XR in the Great Indian Sale from Amazon. Product was perfectly delivered and on time. Buying from amazon is safe and you get genuine products always.		33

Guys i wud suggest you all to not buy the phone from the site as the one I have received is nt in its best condition..it is sensor is nt working properly n it hangs too at times n I have just received the phone just 15 days back		51

I had never used an Iphone before and I was always sceptical about going for an IOS from android but after using this phone all I can say is IOS is on par with android.		36

It is my red beast.... My first iPhone experience with iPhone xr is very smooth and awesome... I got is at only 38K many many thanks to amazon for this. Battery performance is good... with normal usage it gives around 24hrs backup while with heavy usage 12-13 hrs backup you can definitely get. But charging adapter in the box is very pathetic. I just ordered an 12W fast charger at 1K from amazon. It is a smart choice to get iPhone Xr at 40K over iPhone 11 at 59 K (Including HDFC bank offer). With your saved money you can buy different apple accessories. Overall my first iPhone experience is awesome.		124

This is my first iOS		5

Not even completed 1 yr of this product and price reduced drastically. How you can decrease the price to such extend. I need compensation for that, amazon shall take necessary actions on it.		37

got this for a superb deal, in fact way cheaper than mu prev 7plus which i got back in late 2016. Face ID works like a charm and the display seems great for normal usage.		38

After 5 days of use,Love the IPhone XR Red ,Premium Top Class Phone,Got it For 38 k...Worth it...Camera Is Classy and Superb...With depth Control feature....Very Smooth...Display is good...Bit Battery is little low but compared with other iPhone it is good....Battery Standby is 10 hr when onscreen time is 8h 30m with always Data on with usage of FB ,YouTube and other apps. Face Unlock is so quick..Over all love to have this IPhone XR...Upgraded from IPhone SE to XR...So Battery is very much better for me...🥳🙏🏻		114

This is my first apple product purchase, prior my mentality regarding the apple product was like a no Value for money company, but once I started using this phone the premium fell and the Sooth buttery flow type interface is way better than android. Happy to use this phone.		53

Great phone. Not a gamer so do not care about the hardware stuff. Not a pro photographer so any pictures I shoot are epic for me. Not a loud person, so speakers on low volume for me work just perfectly. Battery life should be great like most apple phones do. Display is soft to my eyes so I like that. Apple interface is the best, so nothing much to say about there.		81

Used for a day as of now. Awesome phone. Snappy and fluid in use. battery backup is pretty good (around 8 hours of screen-on time) with continouse data-on (youtube 1.5 hrs). Using 18W adapter which charges it fast. Brought 3.5mm jack connector to lightening separately. Rest all good. Will review after few more days. Thanks.		75

I do not like the features of iPhone XR after paying huge amount. It is battery is drained very fast . Side buttons are not comfortable while holding on hands, it pressed automatically without knowing . One-Two times it has automatically dialed the number when it was in my pocket. I think old version of iphones are much better than this phone. I wants to return this phone but do not find any option in Amazon. Anyone please suggest how I can return it. I bought it 28 days before.		99

There is no fingerprint reader on this phone as its replaced by face recognition which works fine. User interface is same as my earlier iPhone which is excellent. Coming to battery life...it is simply amazing.		40

Second time I shifted to Apple . But this time it was from One Plus 5T . Speed wise, battery wise, photo and video quality wise , fast charging , everything One Plus was better . XR hangs also sometimes while receiving calls . But it was never the case with One plus .		56

I received in original iPhone sealed package. For its price, its best possible iPhone in market. Look and feel is great. Very fast responsive while using. Camera quality is 5-Star, Portrait pics are crisp clear. Watched some 4k and HDR videos on this iPhone, stunningly beautiful with tru color and deep contrast on this display. Its Amazing iphone, Thanks Amazon.		73

This item is faulty. Make a sure first .		10

Using this phone since last 20 days...first time iOS user...spending this much money not worth i have purchased @ 43000.00.purchased it because i have not used apple before...those who r buying it just because of Apple logo..pl do not go..those who r enthusiastic for technology must go for it...i m a simple user not very technical not very camera oriented...a simple redmi user..i m not saying phone is bad but doe those who do not have much usage with regards to its unique features should avoid this...		108

Amazing		1

What is the main purpose of the Phone? To make and receive calls, right. This phone has a defective microphone so call quality is damn poor. You have to speak very close to the microphone for the other person to hear you. All other feature works quite well. As for photos, even Poco F1 takes better pictures. Applez just a brand as was Nokia and Blackberry once.		76

After using one month best camera and battery backup.		10

I browsed a lot about this phone all were saying it has a LCD display and which is older.		20

Serious problem with the lower mic, after spending all that money in this faulty crap just after two months you finally feel that you are the biggest C* in India who is buying an iPhone. Fragile product, connectivity issue, software issue & restrictions all the type of minor issues have been build up causing a serious issue. Think before you waste ya hard earned money. Apple products are degrading their quality to keep their stocks and shares up.		86

Good deal and worth buying for iPhone customers non iPhone user please do not buy as you will not find worthy but as a premium product its very good and feels better in hand superb quality		36

Bought it In white 64gb variant...looks are premium and has a large screen...being an lcd screen it far much better than other phones in competition...you get about 56gb of usable storage which is quite ok for a minimal user...performance is amazing and camera quality is average...must buy if you are looking for a budget iphone specially on offers		68

Well Apple products deliver quality and apple I phone xr is just another fine product I bought few days back which is their lowest model in iPhone x series. Well for the specs and lcd screen I really feel it is over priced that is reason it gets one star less.		53

Happy with the phone, initially I was scared to buy as it is expensive, and reviews were making me go on doubt, but the product came in a good condition,phone is superb. Thank you amazon for fast reliable service		45

I am giving this review after few months of use of this phone. Apple never disappoints you. As i have shifted from Google phone to Apple, was bit difficult to shift from android to ios but now i am used to it. So many hidden features which you can find it out from you tube. Camera is awesome. I also learned some extra tips for photography from youtube and it is awesome. The speed of the phone never disappoints you after loading full 64gb data into the phone. Overall phone is awesome.		101

It is as good as buying from the store. The plastic cover which covers the box had a cut and small piece missing . Due to bad handling may be . That was disappointing to see. But then again the box was all sealed and it is ok . Nothing to complain		54

I was more satisfied with my one plus 6T than this. Picture customization is not better than that phone. Without comparison it is ok. Battery life is good than other iPhones and the app size in store is very less compared to play store so even with 64 gb it is good.		56

This product is not adequate in terms of its quality & performance. It is screen creates problems in eyes i.e. not comfortable for eyes. Very very bad product. Totally disappointing. Very very bad item delivered by Amazon. Heat problem is there with my iPhone XR. Amazon Sells fake iPhones. Not satisfied at all. This iPhone has also hanging problem.		71

I like the XR. This review is more for people who have yet to graduate to buying mobiles etc online. This was my first time. I had heard all sorts of stuff. But Amazon THANK YOU! Delivered in a tamper proof packing! With the assurance of a ten day window to return. The phone is working just fine!		66

The accessories and the packing not at all good. I have used apple products, earlier packing and accessories are very good quality. Seems apple degraded the quality may be they have ordered from China. Not matching the standard of apple.		45

Very bad experience in this iPhone XR. There are so many issues in this phone like when I click on airdrop icon then phone freezes and I have to force restart to get it working.		37

Quality at its best . You buy it and if you want QUALITY, with best user friendly interface and camera . List goes on . Its the best . That is why you are here . Do not think again and again . Click buy . You will not regret and yes you want it. 😉👍🏻		58

Excellent choice from iPhone family , only sad they drop the price around 10k 2 months after my purchase. I missed the chance, lucky new customers.		29

I used it for 1 month.		7

I am very happy to this i phone xr mobile. Very good and very comfortable mobile for good battery health goood camera and good Processor proformence. No any mobile Completed to i phone . Very good privacy and ezy to use you must by		46

This is my first iPhone. Though it is too early to give any review about the phone as I bought it recently but till now I am very impressed with iPhone XR. Go for it.		38

Well, it has been more than 2 months now and the phone has been getting compliments. It is the first iPhone that I have bought and I should say that the money you are paying for the phone is mostly for the brand image.		47

Cannot believe I got this phone for Rs 36,000		11

I have bought it around a month back. Used it and then writing a review.		17

3D camera not working .. cannot setup faceid .. always displaying Face ID not available error neither front camera portrait working .. please help do not have a clue where to go for help		34

The most positive aspect of XR is battery life in my usage of 6 months. Downside is weight especially if you are upgrading from iPhone 6 or 7. Quite heavy due to big battery. Make sure you upgrade to iOS 13 and use the feature to optimise battery charging for longevity of battery		56

I upgraded from iPhone 6 which I had used for 2.5 years. For me iPhone XR seems super smooth with amazing speed. I am still getting used to the absence of Home button. Using the regular charger, the phone takes nearly 2 hours to fully charge but charge lasts for more than 1 day for my regular usage. Phone is slippery - so I have added a Spigen case as well. On the whole a good iphone.		86

Amazing product, fell in love with IPhone.In short I can tell this product is dam equal to premium 48-64 mega pixel camera phones in market,even bit more.I got it for all time low price 38000/-		45

Flawless product, really good product thanks Amazon received the perfect without any default or any. Mobile performance is awesome as I have upgraded from iPhone 6s to Xr feeling great and enjoying the new features face unlock and others. Face unlocking is very fast and quick compare to other android phone 5 ⭐️ from my side👍👍👌		60

The product was intact. Great packaging. The phone feels amazing. It is my first time using an iPhone and I really think the XR is worth it if you want an iPhone that does not burn a deep hole in your pocket.		46

It is my first iPhone and I am totally happy with it. One thing that iPhone XR is having a best battery backup. And I love the performance. I was having a Redmi Note 4 device previously. It was having a 4 GB ram but it is performance was not up to the mark. I am surprised how iPhone is handling this kind of performance in only 3 GB of RAM 🤔		77

Not happy with battery life. Rest everything Is fine.		11

Just loving the XR and is super value for money. Camera quality is really good and screen size is just perfect for watching videos and does not look bulky at all. Only downside is that the Apple logo at the back on the black colour is not visible to the naked eye so prominently. Best iPhone after the 6s model.		64

Not bulky, not big, this is a perfect sized iPhone. Display is crisp and clear. Smart hdr photos are great. It was a steal deal for me at Rs. 37999 during special sale. Delivered within 22 hours of ordering.		47

Got it for ₹37,999 and at this price it is the best phone. Though a little bulky and heavy but it is fine.		28

Camera quality, battery life both are best features of the phone. No fingerprint sensors are drawbacks. Little bit heavy than OnePlus 5T. Never used LCD screen feeling odd for a while but it is worth for money. Built is very strong. iPhone comes with some unnecessary apps I will delete it later.		59

Excellent camera and phone build. There is no finger print reader in this but Face ID is you are answer for all this. Works great and secure. Battery is super better when compared to older iPhones and lasts more then 24 hrs with calls music Bluetooth devices connected and browsing and social media. Pretty satisfied so far.		62

Overall Iphone XR is far better than X and other predecessors. Processor is way fast than others, build quality is awesome ,face recognition is too quick and the feel which you get by holding it is superlike. One suggestion to Apple that they must include fingerprint sensors too for more effective security.		57

Bought it for 49999 on sale and it is totally worth it. I am using iPhone for 1st time and totally in love with it. As iPhone is famous for its camera quality and it is true. Only problem is that it does not have the fingerprint lock.		52

I have been using this phone since a week now and i must say its totally worth the money! Just go for it!		25

Device was heating too much after just a little bit of graphic works on that. Camera was too bad , front camera is no where matching the quality of IOS. I was totally disappointed with that device , I think they sold me the defective peice in the name of sale on your platform. This kind of professionalism is not good . I believe too much on Amazon but later on that I am not giving any bulk amount of order on this e commerce platform. Sorry for the comments if it hurts anyone.		99

I bought 2 iPhone XR both are awesome. Cannot really say much the phone itself makes a statement.		20

I just loved it and I think the only thing that is lagging in this product which is the oled screen is not an issue at all , the quality of the lcd is way too good and as long as you are not too obsessed with every feature to be the latest and best , go for it , plus now they are offering at a way better price , definitely worth it		74

Camera quality is good. 4/5 stars. Rear camera at night is awesome. It gives the effect of DSLR. Front camera is of average quality, grains when taken photo. But apple camera gives the natural effect to your photos!		47

It is been about a month using the IPhone XR. Was too enthusiastic about buying this phone.		19

Front camera deteriorating everyday. Front camera quality is supper flop, even worst den any minimum range android phone. Rear camera is also not at per. Face detector not so good. No finger print available hence facing problems most of the time. Overall Apple releases a bad number with this variant.		57

Got this for 38k and received within 2 day of placing order ....Apple FACE ID is the most secure way of unlocking your phone which you would not get on an another phone...camera is also top notch and is the same camera which iphone XS has got but without the 2nd telephoto/wide angle lens....overall quite happy with the iphone xr.		68

I upgraded from my iPhone 7 to XR and I am really happy with the performance looks and all the new features. Battery life is awesome and face recognition works perfectly even in dark. Total value for money and it goes without saying as it is an Apple product.		52

I am so happy to say, it is an authentic/genuine Apple Product. Will definitely buy again. Amazon actually gives you better discounts than Resellers.		30

Received it yesterday, transferring data from my 7 plus took a couple of hours( maybe because of net issues) but everything on my old phone came on this XR. The camera is truly amazing. Go for it.		43

Excellent device.Value for money. I already have iPhone 11 . I bought this for my friend there is not a single difference when compared to iPhone 11. Phone display,performance,everything same as iPhone 11. I am pretty much satisfied.		48

Liked display, camera quality, response etc. battery life is not great compared to 5000 mih Android phone. 18 hours from full charge.		27

It is price dropped to 39000+discounts within 20 days I purchased at 52000. It seemed to be cheated. A huge -ve impact for further purchases. Site as well as apple have to manage all things regarding it otherwise both will lose their credibility. No doubt product is good but these huge fluctuations in price ruined whole prospects of the product		67

Has every thing you might be looking in an iPhone except the oled screen camera is as good as iPhone Xs with few limitations. If display is not a big concern for you you cannot get a better phone than this at this price range.		47

Amazing camera in bright light. Average to poor performance in medium and low light conditions. Great battery. Privacy protection is an understated advantage.		27

The iPhone XR delivers fast performance, great cameras and longer battery life than other flagship phones, all in a colorful and affordable package.		26

Everything is well checked and warranty looks legitimate. Absolutely genuine product without any doubt. Bought yellow colour, feels mango in my hand. Getting a worthy case is real challenge though.		35

After Using IPhone 6s & OnePlus 6, IPhone XR 128gb is juz awesome in face recognition battery life & user interface, Compared to IPhone 11 lesser in cost both are in same size & same 4G !		39

Such a good iphone for such a great price.		10

Its just a phone with good features, if switching from android you will love using its interface, a pure secure platform and flawless running experience.		28

Excellent product, 100% original! I bought iPhone XR 128gb in the month of October, I was double minded to buy this product as all know online products will never reach us perfectly. But my assumption failed with this product.		45

in one word I forgot android.. lovely phone		9

This phone is a beast. Man,the phones touch response is just awesome and iOS is so buttery smooth.		22

This is my first apple device in terms of phone. The phone is totally worth it (every penny). The colour, camera, design, sound quality everything is just way beyond perfection.		37

Got It for 38k. Ditched One plus 7T for this and I am very happy with this decision and ya screen is great but you will feel difference if you are coming from 1440p display else it is great.		41

Great phone camera is good ,battery is good , but it take too much time to charge , company #APPLE need to give fast charger in box. And one more thing the weight of iphone xr is little bit more than other android phone. Other wise phone is great.......gaming performance is great😘		59

Just want to say GO FOR IT! I got it for 39,999 in the Amazon Great Indian festival and let me tell you, it arrived within 24 hours. Even though iPhone 11 is here, it has the same exact screen and almost the same features except the camera. If you are a die hard camera fan, then go for iPhone 11. But this works for me :)		76

Do not buy iPhone on amazon		6

The phone which a person need this is one for them. Really loved it everything in this price range bybapple it is very good product. But i m not satisfied with its display. Display quality and clearity is very poor 720p video play is not good so blurry		51

THANKS TO AMAZON GOT DEFECTIVE PRODUCT AT FIRST FOUND SCRATCHES AND DAMAGE BUT AMAZON ALWAYS THERE TO HELP YOU GOT REPLACED QUICKLY WITHIN FEW DAYS AND GOT A BRAND NEW PRODUCT LIKE TO THANK YOU AMAZON AND SELLER ALSO DARSHITA ELECTRONICS IF YOU ARE THINKING TO BUY IPHONE GO FOR DARSHITA❤️		52

camera quality is just awesome and battery backup is soo great that give you a whole day use, smooth interface,in many reviews they said display is of LCD, but when i got my device, then i Relies even that iphone have LCD display but it is great viewing display, I have no regrets to buy that iphone XR. Go for it guys.		70

Nothing to say about iPhone it is always the best phone. But this time i have to thank Amazon for bringing the cost down and affordable during great indian sale which says IRRESISTIBLE DEAL which really is a irresistible deal		41

iPhone XR is Good and I am yet to use all features of the phone, I had used iPhone 5, 6s. Lots new features available .		29

It is a great phone. Cut some stars as the camera developed a problem after only 6 weeks. But Apple has fixed it. But it was unexpected and Apple and the seller must ensure that these things do not happen		43

The phone conks off, do not think the OS can take load. Been just 2 months and it is already acting up. Not sure if the problem is with the device or orders from amazon.		39

Display 4/5		4

I always thought to buy iPhone and every time I used to think that what is so special in iPhone but yes after buying iPhone XR I can say that no one can replace this. Starting from battery life to the screen which is standard and can be used one handed. Camera quality is also very good which you can realise after two three clicks only. So for me iPhone XR is a beast at low price among other iPhone models.		85

Camera not that great.		5

ORDER PLACED : 1 October 2019		6

Pathetic product, everyday reporting new issues and going to hangout every time.		14

No questions about 🍎 other than its affordability, XR got a price cut and made it affordable. Overall product quality is awesome, only issue is at times its too hitech to understand.		36

Apple ecosystem and almost latest specs for 40k.		9

I purchased this beauty in big billion sale. Thus I got it at a remarkable price. The battery life is good so far and the speed has been pretty good. I love the overall look, size and design of this model a lot. The camera quality is great but definitely the higher version have a better camera quality experience to provide.		67

I am iphone lover but always disappointed with battery back up. But after getting this superb phone my love towards iphone become more stronger. Amazing camera screen clarity, good time response, face unlock takes leasser than eye blink.amazing battery back up. Stunning look. Overall no need to purchase dslr camera. Spend money on it and you get phone for the lifetime.		71

While so far all my iPhones before had a small write up about the licensing etc at the back of the phone. This XR does not have any writing.		31

Phone is excellent...Thanks to Amazon for their service. But the delivery was pathetic, the delivery boy refused to deliver the product. I, myself went to their office to get my phone. Hope that it will not repeat in future.		47

The camera quality in night is awesome..there are lots of features to do edit the pictures and videos. Other than that battery life is around 1.5 days in normal usage and 6-8 hours in heavy games like pubg asphalt videos YouTube play music etc. at the price of 43k it is a steal....		62

Received my iPhone within a week after place the order, Had issues with it but thanks to amazon for speedy replacement.		23

Using the XR for the past 3 months and I am completely delighted to have this model. Certainly a value for money product in the iPhone flagship category. Battery life is excellent, charging for one time in a day itself will have enough power for the remaining day. Camera quality is comparatively better than the other high end categories iPhones.		65

Camera is very good .Screen size is just right for people like me who use phone for typing mails to watching Netflix .One can download multiple apps .Speed is good .Face recognition works like magic .Have been using iPhone since last 5 yrs ,and have found no reason to complain so far.		59

It is one of the best phones available in the market right now. Apple always gives the best products to its customers. It had A12 chipset which can do 5 trillion operations per second. It never slows down. It gives you the best phone using experience. Go for it, if you can buy it. Do not buy Samsung products or OnePlus products they are just useless. Just go for the product.		80

Review after 5 months of usage approximately.		8

#1mobile of the my devices		6

First of all I thank Amazon for such blazing fast delivery and the packaging was terrific. So trustworthy. Secondly Apple gets full marks for such a master piece. iPhone XR is capable of handling my heavy multitasking efficiently. So far so good. Reviewed after using it for almost a day. Thanks Amazon and Apple		60

Superb phone. Got it at a price of 39999/- on Big Billion Day Sale		16

Original product at the best price.... got it during great Indian festival sale at an amazing discount.. so far after a few days of use must say it is an obvious and noticeable upgrade for people using iPhone 7 and beyond .. camera quality is quite good if not the best ...battery life is just awesome ...		60

I ordered it for my wife as she wanted to use IPhone for so long but was not willing to change her phone.		24

could not find fingerprint reader. Otherwise camera and battery life are good. I like live camera in edit mode in camera.		24

I have purchased this product during the diwali sale on Oct 22 and now the adaptor does not work. A product worth 43k having an adaptor life of 22 days... I do not even know what else to do now. Removed the sim and started using old broken phone since morning		54

I am using iPhone from last 8 years. This model no need to carry power bank(for me) compared with iPhone 6s and 7		27

People who say iPhone XR has inferior display, please use before you judge based on specs. I have been using Pixel and recently switched to iPhone XR and I loved it. Battery life is unrivalled and Fave ID is charm.		44

5 star quality... 1st apple product for my wife and in the family, Very good phone, clear crisp sound quality, Amazing display ... Apple does not compromise with it is product. Highly recommended.		39

This rating is not for the product.... Its for the seller... Who has delivered the product with scratches on the back panel.....		25

Nice products battery life is very good. Camera is ok. Amazon delivery is wrost as i have to ordered it twice. In between i suffer loss of 2500 rs as price has been increased after best discount period has gone.		44

I am so happy with amazon.!! Good price and get it on time and yes perfect original product..!! Iphone XR 64 gb if you allrdy using iphone than you will love it and you buying is first time than you wll flll in love for sure ..!!! I am giving this review after using my iphone XR for more than month..!! So trust me guys its good and original product.!!!		74

I just loved it! Brother just bought iPhone 11 and I thinks the XR battery life is better than 11 and 11 has heating problem. I loved the phone its fast fast and very fast with fabulous camera		40

Not happy with the mobile , let me know if you guys can send new mobile or can give a option to upgrade to iphone 11 . Let me know what best can be done .		36

The first thing you notice about XR is it is battery. Super long battery of more than 24 hours. Rest is exactly as it should be in an iPhone. Camera also needs a special mention. Great camera.		42

Does what it is supposed to do. True iPhone, no exceptions.		14

Gud phone ...camera is super..		7

iPhone XR does not have finger print reader as it is unlocked with face reading..		16

My infact upgraded from my iPhone 7 to XR. It is been more than a month I am using it and has no issues. Amazon had the best rate and it is during the Flash sale , I picked it up at 49,999/-. Their delivery was prompt and was prior to the committed date. My IPhone XR has a fantastic camera, a fast processor, exceptional battery life and high quality display.		80

There is nothing much to say specially about iPhone. I have used several android devices and I switched to iPhone XR from OnePlus 6. Simply this switching is fabulous experience to me.		35

Got it for 39000 in the great Indian sale along with exchange (redmi 4) and using SBI credit card. Anawesome phone. Once we use iPhone, android phones seem cheap. You start appreciating little details that Apple has done to make this phone worth its price and hype. If you can afford, then close your eyes and bye it. You will not be disappointed		72

The box was not sealed and looked re-packed.		11

I have used iPhone since so many years		8

Got this phone at a discount price in amazon. Slightly heavy but good looking phone with terrific battery life. The phone is fast with a very responsive face detection.		32

Genuine product received from seller Darshita Electronics.Everything is fine after 7days of use.One thing is the set getting heat whenever large file is being downloaded or playing game.Rest everything is just cool.I am loving it.		44

Awesome phone, great battery life it can last upto 2 whole days, face ID works great even if you are in dark room. Screen size perfect so that we can do tasks using single hand. Will get long term support. 5w charging adapter works well but it is good to have 12w charger than 5w.		61

Feel big for iPhone 7,8,6 users.		11

I love iPhone XR very much. It is user friendly, top notch though there are compromises compared to the other models especially the flagship ones. Overall, it is a highly recommended phone for all the Apple fans and iPhone lovers. Thank you Apple!!		49

Make sure you read all instructions, check package and then give OTP. the phone was brand new and is working great. had reservations about online delivery but this experience was seamless. Good to get this discount at discount. Excellent product.........iphone XR is jet fast. loving it.		55

Awesom, getting 1day full and few hrs more. 3hrs of Pubg, 2hrs of skype meeting, calls msgs, songs, internet. Finally iPhone had worked on battery. This is all from normal mode. Pow power mode is even better.		47

Do Not go by the reviews that mention fake product !! Its very much iphone xr that i ordered !! How the phone is would b a very personal view point but it is definitely not a fake !! Thank god i went by my instincts and got a great deal		51

Super smooth and premium product nice camera good battery life quick face unlock even in dark. Plays heavy games with high graphic settings without any lag. Overall a very good product		33

There is a problem of signal. It is frequently going, where as other make mobiles are having good signal. Now the voice of video has also become very low. Not a good buy. Can any guide where to report the issue.		47

I like everything about this product. I ordered this iphone xr on end of festive sale and Amazon delivered the product in the given time period. Everything in this phone works good and fine , no doubts. Amazon gives 100% product to us, they never unsatisfied me. At the end Product's performance outstanding . Amazon delivery also secure😊.		67

Really really good product..if you have budget of 50-60k you should definitely go for iphone XR..excellent batterylist last of 1 and half day..brilliant camera and superb portrait mode !! I Have purchased in 52k in amazon sale..it is surely value for money !!		53

I like this phone.		5

I got iphoneXR at very reasonable price. The apple company has made one thing better in this model i.e. battery life. The phone runs for 2days with full charge. there is no finger print reader in this model although face id is very accurate, it scans your face even in the dark. There is no doubt about the picture quality when it comes to iphone.		74

I am big Apple fan from almost decade 😃and they have never disappointed either on the hardware side or the iOS( operating system). Got this from amazon deal at very attractive price		35

It is really a good one by apple. Easy to use and very fast processor. I just love it... and big advantage is it supports dual sim but now the price has been dropped to 54990 by apple in india		43

Ya really super phone/they are confusing to(AirPods &Earpods) this phone with EarPods with lightening connector only not for Bluetooth AirPod you are clearly understand then you will pay		34

I switched from Android to iOS through this and so far it is been amazing, the battery goes 1.5 day with heavy use, camera's awesome and the new iOS 13 gives all the features that you need.		44

They gave me a faulty phone which i came to knew after one month,		15

The product is excellent.		5

Nice phone. Worth buying for the price. Only regret is the price went down by 3000 rupees within one day.		23

I have not yet opened as the outer cover seems damaged		11

After using it for 6 days properly . The phone started to hang it automatically restarts and gets stuck on apple log had to format my phone 2 time. Apple service center could not detect the problem . THEY Said it should be sent to bangalore for repair due to some motherboard issue . So i dnt want all that headache i want my phone replaced by a new sealed pack same iphone		74

No lesser than iPhone XS Max		6

At Rs 35,000 (big billion sale + exchange offer), its a steal. For phone review, go to google - there are plenty of XR reviews. As good as it gets		37

What a phone . Display is not a concern ,it is brilliant even it is 720p.build is excellent .		22

It is a very pretty and good looking mobile. Performance wise, it is super smooth. Camera is as good as iPhone XS, portrait mode is also good enough. And the best part is, being an iphone it has a long lasting battery. Though it has LCD, but you would hardly be able to find any difference between this and OLED. Size is perfect, infact everything is perfect and cool!		80

The phone is definitely not performing per iPhone standards - frequent Call drops ( the issue is not with network provider ) and battery life is worse than iPhone 8.		31

Back glass of Iphone got broken after one month of buying without any prior incident. Disappointed with the service provided by Amazon. If something happens to our product, Amazon will be saying to contact Manufacturer.		39

Face ID is very very slow. There seems to be a problem with the microphone. There is an issue with the sensors. Microphone issues, touch issues. I have been trying to raise a complaint but the amazon support team is always redirecting me to the apple website. I have been unable to return this item since I have discovered the problems. I really need assistance on this matter.		76

Great phone = great battery life + great camera especially in low light + great security and face recognition. Very happy and bought it at the right time before the prices went up again.		36

Like the luk and fallen in love on firstsight. Feel great when unlookers give an appreciative glance. Invaluable asset.		22

In portrait Camera - while taking a photo of a substance or anything (other than people)it always says ‘person not detected’. portrait function is only for people , not for the object.		38

What to say it is Apple amazing man but when you are buying this mobile better you should buy a CaseAlong with it because the backside of mobile is slippery and made of plastic plus glass,,Worth to buy it		41

This is the best product from apple till date.		10

I just love it.it has got all I want.good camera decent battery life good sound etc etc.and the display do not give me any problems.if there is something to complain about it is the price.		44

Superb smartphone. Certain features of Apple makes it completely class apart. Great battery backup, extraordinary camera quality, support of dual sim etc segregate it from the other brands.		33

Best value for money in iphone . I am extremely satisfied with the purchase with no worry for storage for this 256 GB model. Wireless charging is just wow.		31

Its a perfect phone, though a bit heavy coz of the metal body. I got this in red colour which is my favourite and its such a settled red, basically its a mixture of red and maroon. Camera quality is also good not the best as compare to other apple phones. Overall i love my phone as its a gift from my darling husband.		70

Timely delivered. Gr8 deal from amazon. Few months back I ordered one plus mobile from same seller. They delivered original product.		25

Simply love XR! Battery life is great and I am not really missing the telephoto lens! Do buy product red as it support AIDS Research.		28

The product is working fine. Just as expected from apple product. However there were two scratch marks on the sides of the phone just after unboxing which is very strange		32

It is always a charm to use iPhone. Ease of use and fast response are key.		18

This phone is hanging n seller is not returning or changing this phone I tried many times but		18

I have been an apple patron for a while.. I Started using the Iphone 3, 5, 6, 7 and now i bought the XR.. I honestly feel that its terrible.. Just a hype build around it.. The Face ID never works, the camera gets stuck on its portrait mode.. My honest feedback is not to but the iPhones anymore. Just will have to say that Apple lost itself a good customer..		82

Excellent phone I am happy I suggest you all to buy with amazon, because maintaining genuine sellers with good quality products and the biggest most important thing is customers support I am very much happy with amazon and their customers support. Hats off		45

I bought a new iPhone XR from amazon and the delivery was within 24 hours. It was a brand new pack sealed.		24

While I started using this phone, I realized that my takes much longer time to get charged. However, other phones I have get charged quickly from their respective cables. I am unsure about the originality of the product received.		44

Not a value for money product.Apple is still giving 1amp charger with such expensive phone with almost 3000 mAh battery. The same charger is also given along with 5s and also SE.		36

Bought this cell phone for my retired father. He is a person who wanted a great battery life, good camera and great speakers with ease of use that is not present in any android cell phone in the market.		42

I have got the product in one piece that is true but this product is defected one. Out of two speakers one is damaged. I am regulars IPhone user since from past 5 years and that is why I could point it out. Amazon - kindly notice		50

The battery is not a 4000 mah like many other phones these but still has a lot of life in it . This is my second IPHONE and the performance just outclasses any android phone		35

Excellent-The best we can purchase with small amounts purchased for 42999/- at offer from amazon		18

Osome product but I suggest get iPhone 11 updated version of iPhone XR.		14

Beautiful phone. Great camera. I just feel that the phone gets heated a bit I guess I am not sure though as it is my first day on this phone and have been constantly playing online games		39

Value of money is excellent but little costly		8

evrything is good.problem compared with mi poco f1 Rs15000.waste of money..		16

I love apple products, have been using them since 2009 and this is the finest iPhone I have ever used.		22

I received my order yesterday and the voice recorder is defective, have spoken to apple support, after troubleshooting they recommended I get it checked at an authorised service centre as it seems to be a defected piece.		40

I bought this phone on Big billion day. It was well packed and the phone is very good. Battery quality and camera quality is amazing. Those who do not buy yet and thinking for it, go for it, it will not disappoint you.		49

Size is bit over, good battery life than previous products. If you were using iPhone 6,6s or 7 might find it bigger to hold because it is size is 6.1 which quite big for iPhone if you never used plus editions.		48

Faulty charging cable it charges phone only from one side. When buying online check every aspect before actually using it		21

The phone I received was defective. Please think twice about buying apple products as I faced the same issue with my MacBook Air. There is no solution provided by Amazon which was surprising as they use to have very good customer care. I feel I have wasted my money.		53

The processor is not that speed as expected.		9

Just received the phone and checked for the warranty on apple site. It is showing that purchase is not validated...after 4 hours again I checked. And smile on my face. Apple said your purchase is validated and warranty		43

Amazon is sending defective devices, please do not purchase.		11

Best phone for those users who really need a very good battery life. Camera supreb and video stabilization is just fabulous. Go for it 👌👍 A bit bulky feels like you r carrying a mini RDX 😂😂		39

I personally like Apple product. But my charger is not as good as it shout be like an apple product. After a moth of using my charger stopped working.		32

Overall the phone rates 4/5 considering the price of 49k for a128 GB. Camera quality is gud but just has the basic features and no advanced techs like the ones in oppo /Mi .Battery is gud .It will sustain a day for me (I do not play games).Call function is what worries me in this phone.It gets stuck all of a sudden while attempting a call.		78

First off all I would like say, the delivery boy of amazon is very polite with consumers.		19

Faceid not functioning after 15 days.phone freezes once selfie portrait mode is activated.Face it does not work anymore now		23

Android no match to iOS.		6

A gift for spouse, a bit on bulky side but an effective gadget		14

I have been using this phone for almost a month a now and this is the fastest smartphone I have ever used. I know this years iPhone 11 is faster than this but after watching a tons of comparison videos on YouTube I have decided to go with the XR. I do not think it is worth the extra bucks and I am very satisfied with this purchase.		71

Amazing smartphone with best build auality and camera have amazing pictures and battery life is also good but only one problem back single camera after all money value product		29

Before buying this product i was so scared that what if the product is fake or may be used.		20

We bought the phone during sale period near Diwali. Its nice phone with big screen. Ideal for people who reply to emails or do a lot of work related chat on the phone. Batter life seems to be really impressive. It goes without charging for 1.5 days with constant internet connection.		58

The phone had a software problem, the microphone was not working.		13

WoW experience		2

This is clear update for me after iPhone 7. Camera quality is awesome. But the most impressive thing is battery life , it was seamless. You could miss 3D Touch but it is ok .		38

do not buy it as does not come with dual sim slot , for this esim required and in INDIA only jio and airtel provide e sim technology		28

Value for money as good quality and money wise but price daily coming down in the market as Amazon price and market price is down		25

do not have to say much, apple is apple and makes best phones, once you buy apple you do not want to try any other phone, it is amazing phone		33

Heating so fast in use after 15 minute of use		10

Very very bad product accessories very cheap quality packing .....Also facing problem regarding warranty ........Just after 6 days of purchase ...Charger adapter and lighting cable ha failed ...And ...Apple care is also behaving badly ... Highly disappointed regarding .....Please give me a way to return my phone.....		54

Really user friendly, user interface is buttery smooth..camera quality awesome( esp. portrait mode).. not sure how it compares to iPhone 11, I am happy with this phone		34

got a discount on hdfc card. bought it to gift some one else. As per the users response, its a good phone, works effectively		28

Doesnot look like an original iPhone, keeps hanging its not even a week old. Does Not take finger commands well n hangs continuously. Pathetic product. I need a replacement		33

I am loving it...!!!! Upgraded from android		8

Fingerprint reader is not there only face lock which is more than perfect		13

Amazing battery life. Even on heavy use, the battery lasts the whole day easily. Iphone XR is super smooth, face unlock is fast and really impressed with the privacy option related to apps. Best iPhone to use for its 55K price		46

This is my first iPhone XR.... After using the phone I realise why the iPhone is special....the features, screen touch, the look, are all awesome.... Happy To Be Purchase iPhone....		38

I purchased iphone for brand n its dual sim and i found it more value for money.		18

The phone gets hanged during every incoming call .i practically have to cut it and call them back . NOT very please with Apple ,expected a better working phone for the price they charge.		37

Bought it during the second great indian sale for 41k. Though 3k higher than the 1st sale I am very happy to buy it as I know it is a good deal. I am very much statisfied with the phone quality and delivery speed. But the packing quality should improve.		54

In fact, the features and functions of this mobile are very good, especially the price is very low, which is 39 thousand only, and the mobile was delivered in a very short time, it is now priced at 45 thousand,		46

An excellent phone. Does what you need at super speeds. Face ID is a charm. I think I got an excellent deal in the Dussehra sale. Only thing which has dumbfounded me is the colour. Looks orange on screen and more pinkish in real life. Solved using a Spigen black cover. Should have gone for black.		64

Received mobile through amazon while buying new set it self speaker 🔊 problem still not received any feedback from amazon they just sold the mobile not taking responsibility feel very bad. There is poor customer support since the amount of I phone XR 📱 Rs. 45k very huge.		51

Have been using this fone since almost 1month, its simply adorable and a beauty (red colour)..camera quality is awesome, battery could have been improved a bit(16-18 hrs on full net usage)..		41

In camera video and slow mo is not working properly and I have not received any bill neither hard copy nor soft		22

Feels good if you are using for the first time. Great feeling to hold iPhone :)		17

Iphone xr came just today and it is having white line defect on my phone and amazon is not replacing my mobile i am feeling cheated i have spent all my hard earned money on iphone 😭		37

I am very frequent user of Internet data, but IPhone XR battery is awesome. It long-standing two days. And camera qualities is also awesome. It is value to money.		36

Not completely satisfied with the product as the dual sim on iphone is way too complicated. Battery and camera features is the best of XR.		27

I am facing difficulty in disconnecting / hang up the call, when I remove the phone from my ears, the lights did not appear so that I can disconnect the call I need to wait for other person to disconnect the call from their end because there is no light on the screen. Most of the time the red button did not work at all.		69

Excellent mobile...bought it for 38000-2000(cashback)=36000rsesim jio prepaid working well..battery life excellent (1complete day for me)		27

Been using it from the past couple of months the phone has been great it is my 1st iPhone as I have always been an android fan in the past , great battery life and very smooth . Can say it is totally worth the price .		47

The product was just as good as an apple always is and the delivery was prompt. I am an apple user and I require all my gadgets to be in sync which is why I bought this. But always look according to you are requirement and then buy the phone that suits you best!		57

Best iPhone you can buy at this price range. A pretty huge battery life, smooth interface and an outstanding camera.		23

The phone is good do not had any issues,but in box contents they wrote EarPods and gave normal earphones which is wrong information...they wil not give anything even sim card placement pin also		37

As the mobile is cool and fast performance and the interface is amazing as it is apple it feel the same all things are went good but only one bad thing its display as it is 720p display but slightly colour variable can be noticed but though its good mobile at good price in apple		55

A big change for me was moving up from iPhone 7 Plus to this phone is the Face ID. It is super fast and very accurate.		28

If you are buying just because of the brand name then go for it, else it is of no use.		22

Upgrading from iPhone 6 (16GB) to iPhone XR (128) was the best decision I ever made. Everything is so perfect & optimize. Touch, display, camera, sound, processor, battery.. literally everything. Apple needs to work on their latest iOS 13 though. (Also I am getting more kills on PUGB:) Hands down to A12 Bionic.		70

Excellent iPhone in that too 40k. Camera battery and touch is Incomparable .		14

128GB variant ,Used it for a month,Great performance. Excellent finishing and stylish. Face ID is powerful as it works even in pitch dark conditions. Camera is amazing . A bit bulky when you put a cover as the rear camera is significantly above the back surface of the phone.		56

I got a different item		5

This rating is only for the product not for Delivery. Till the last minute I was kept on my toes. The box was not completely in a sealed condition. Can Amazon answer for this? Coming to Handset, No issues at all. It is simply amazing. One should know how to use it wisely. I would update my reviews after using it for few months.		73

when i got this phone after unboxing i din't get the proper accessories in the box headphone is missing		21

Screen becomes unresponsive very often and there is no way to restart the phone because the screen is unresponsive		19

Best phone from Apple after iPhone 7.		8

Nice phone		2

Product is good. Face ID works fast. Battery lasts longer than previous iPhones, depending on usage it can last up to a day. For heavy usage and gaming the battery lasts up to 6hours. Camera is good in daylight use. Low light photography is grainy. Overall a good product.		57

Finger print sensor is missing , the phone is bit heavy		11

Good Priduct		2

Face Recognition, Battery life & user interface is secondary. It is an iPhone that is it. Apple satisfies our high expectations. The Apple iPhone XR was Awesome. Really Worth it.		36

I got it at 31900 /- with exchange my old android phone .i never believed in this low price I can get dual sim iPhone with latest chipset.thanks to amazon to providing great discounts		37

I am a 6s+ user now upgrade to xR		10

a good phone with nice camera, while being water resistant, provides a good battery even for backup for gaming.		22

automatically restart some times		4

Phone is super fast you will never shift to android after using iphones. Only problem that few apps are not well designed for apple like voot they keep lagging rest everything no need to explain		36

I got this for 38 k. Good deal. Awesome to use.		14

Unbelievable product..Crafted to precision...Mobile at its best...Amazon deal is mind blowing..best place to get an IPhone...Delivery is fast...Camera is excellent...IOS rocks...No second thoughts...IPhone is the beast to own..Amazon is the place to go....		54

Beautiful product, Got it @ ₹38k during billion day sale.		13

Battery, camera, face ID and everything works well. Slightly heavy and bigger, if you are not used to use large screen phones, but use will soon get used to it		35

Needless to rate Apple any less. An year old Apple’s A12 bionic still outperforms SD 855. And iOS, such a beautiful liquid smooth OS that Android can never compete.		35

I have purchases this iPhone XR on New Year 2020 eve....and i can say that this is just awesome phone with great display and more important very gd battery performance....i just love this iPhone and want to recommend all those who are just thinking to buy new phone then this is for you.....		58

It is been 2 months I have purchased the XR, everything seems to be fine I.e, bigger in size, good battery life and advanced processor.		31

I love iPhone		3

1. When i started new product it asked for setup of apple id and in the process, product was heating 20+ degree and suddenly restarted half the way.		32

Camera picture is yellowish.		5

First thing that strikes you is the colour. Vibrant and really nice		13

I have bought iphone xr through amazon sound quality is wrost speaker is pathetic when i approached them to return they clearlly denied....very bad exeperience.		28

Defiantly iPhones are costlier than other brands, nowadays other brands like one plus are also selling phones at 50 k but the quality between iPhone and others are at no comparison		32

Camera is awesome ... both for selfie as well other photography .. and fast interface .. only minus point is battery life time ..But yeah rest all features are good which makes this phone special !! Loved using it.		41

PRODUCT RECEIVED IN GOOD CONDITION BUT FACE RECOGNITION FEATURE AND BACK CAMERA IS NOT WORKING WELL.THE I PHONE SUBMITTED TO I PHONE SERVICE CENTER LAST WEEK FOR REPAIR.		31

Got it in 38k at the sale.		8

The best iPhone till date.		6

It is a fantastic iphone. Perfect size, display is good, battery life is incredible. Camera results are excellent and comparable to xs and xs max. Super fast bionic A12 on board handles everything superbly.		40

Ohh...what can I say about this phone... just one word- AWESOME. I think it is better than iPhone 11 in almost every aspect. The portrait mode is outstanding. If anyone is using iPhone 6,7 or 8, then this is next iPhone for you...		54

face recognition is very fast		5

iOS to Android (one plus and must admit, the phone is amazing and I am still amazing), but back to iOS and do not regret. There are soo many little things that does make the difference and leaves the user with WOW feeling! XR is a bit thick but with time we get used to it.		62

There was a hardware failure just in less than one month of purchase. Amazon takes no responsibility of replacing it and I am working with iCare to fix it. It may even cost me to get it fixed. I was extremely unhappy with this phone and the post sale service.		54

Just unboxed and found defect in screen. On informing Amazon, I was first assured for replacement and then amazon changed stand and asked me to contact apple care for examining mobile and creating inspection sheet even though problem is clearly visible and accepted by amazon as well.		50

the phone is bogus nd it gets heated ,sometimes charger does nt work.camera is average,plz do not buy from amazon		25

Worth of upgrading-		4

One of the best camera in this price range, mind-blowing photo and video quality plus not to mention the best ever battery life on any Apple device I have used so far.		36

Disappointed that it does not come with finger print scanner just face unlock. Otherwise it is a good apple phone if you r tight on budget		27

Battery life is good		4

Bought two phones on this sale. One is this awesome iPhone XR and another Samsung phone. iPhone is so awesome that I am in love with its touch, display , camera and sound quality and everything. Its very costly but I love this. Whilst others phone that I purchased was a big mistake.		59

Was a little doubtful while purchasing since i was not sure to receive a genuine Apple iPhone but received absolutely a genuine one. Working perfectly till date. The only thing I do not like about this iPhone is that it takes a lot of time for charging. But its okay, it is manageable.		58

It is Apple and behaves like one! It is slightly on a heavier side and a bit too big considering it is 6.1 inches.		28

I have moved from 5S to XR -and it is a mind blowing experience.		16

Battery life is okay camera is awesome everything		8

After Apple reduced its price, iPhone XR did become affordable when considering its features. What I received was how it was described on Amazon.		27

Reviewing after one month of use.		7

Good battery life, amazing sound quality and camera is very good. Really love my first apple product.		20

They have no fingerprints but face unlock is not compare to other its awesome battery is very very good and camera is best and iPhone is the iPhone not compare to other brand and most best thing is it is duel sim wow.......only not giving fast charging adaptor supported but you have to pay extra		57

I was first hesitant about buying iphone xr after all the negative review....it has been 10 days and it is really a wonderful product.i got this deal for 38999 from amazon.		36

Not charging fast as intended and battery discharges too quick. Needs replacement. Quick guide please. Phone stuck in between use of apps. Contact @8249530210/7873655744		31

The phone freezes frequently. Battery does not last long. On the whole I am very disappointed with the phone. Did not expect this from Apple.		29

Excellent Model with extraordinary deal during the festival season. I love Apple products and this is no difference. Quality of Photos is awesome. Battery life is better but i still feel can be improved. However for my usage it is ok.		46

I shifted from android to this iphone , it really worth with all new amazing and premium experience . The battery life is far better than my expectations from iphones . I got this phone for 43k and I feel it is absolute value for money.		47

Excellent sound quality...& that is no one device is beat in this quality,Immersive display & awesome performance ..		21

I find display issue with my iPhone after a month now. I see thin black line from top to bottom just an inch from left side. Battery adapter is also not working properly. I am also unable to access amazon customer care also		46

Great battery life’s buttery smooth transitions/animations so so refined compared to an Android phone .Face recognition is a bit glitchy though my daughter can trigger it for my wife’s login		37

I do not know how to explain it, but no need for any review... Just one word.. Apple... Go for it... Its worth your money..		31

The product is a masterpiece but the box corner was damaged like the box was undergone ruff conditions		18

This is my second purchase of I phone through amazon I am happy and satisfied with the product....thanks to amazon ...keep it up		26

The most unique feature of this product - face id for unlock is not working in the product delivered to me. Now i have to keep visiting the apple service centre to get it fixed.		37

I have got the delivery of iphone xr yesterday and I have found that there is a spot near the front camera. Can anyone or the apple customer service tell me why it is like that?		38

I am an Apple fan, because of its simplicity, elegance & good camera. In addition, this phone has a longer battery life, even with good internet use. May be the price could be little more competitive, but all in all, a nice phone.		52

Excellence phone. Every thing this fine.		8

iPhone XR camera is better than OnePlus 7T...XR beat OP 7T... Excellent Phone...		17

I like the phone very much. A great product from Apple. Very happy that i bought this product in a discount. Worth every penny. The photo quality is amazing. The re-charging time is so less.		43

Marvelous phone came with the proper packagee and proper secure coding from Amazon. Thank you Amazon for such an organised delivery		22

I received the product with hair line scratch on the screen which does not appear at a glance but upon reflection of light on a specific angle it appears. During delivery I could not detect it but after few days I recognized. From Apple I do not expect any cheating on product quality		55

iPhone is always master in mobiles. It is really amazing. Thanks amazon for best discounted price		18

Day one is good with XR. Will have to use for some more days before conclusions. Battery life is impressive. Feels good to handle. Seems to slip out of hard sometimes.		36

Face ID is not good..works sometime..sometime forces to use passcode to unlock..default keyboard layout does not have dot key..while editing text it is hard to place the cursor at a desired place in between a word..hey Apple get some update about these in if next update..		57

Amazing product as can be expected from Apple. Super camera. Super battery life. Super display.		19

Amazing iphone XR experience ..you do not need iphone X or iphone Xs or iphone11pro the perfect iphone for any one who loves Apple brand ...go for iphone Xr or iphone11 both are just fabulous		37

Amazing piece of art and technology from apple. Buy this beast especially if you r getting it below 40K. As far as the delivery experience is concerned it was not good and smooth at all due to delays and poor packaging from Amazon. Thumbs up for XR only not Amazon delivery experience.		56

Amazing phone, the xs and xs max are way better but the price of this phone is the real winner. I got the fast charger and some new BT earphones woth the difference. Overall being my 1st iphone, it is really amazing		46

My 4th I phone		4

Just received the product! Feeling excited! Detailed review will be coming after a month. Delivery was awesome placed the order by yesterday evening received at today noon! The package was damage free . Let us see the future performance		43

The overall look and usage is good but the time it takes to charge is nearly 3 hrs from nill to full.Considering to backside design its little coddy when compared to x .Definitely but you feel very much premium when using this the white is astonishing like sny thing worth for money.		56

Looks good and also working great. The disappointed thing is while I was purchasing there is a screen replacement warranty but now it is not there.		28

My first iphone..there are some problems switching the os but I am so far happy with this change.though battery life is just okay with a mediocre and cheap charger.		34

This a big daddy for all other branded phones ...I upgraded from 6s to this model..really a good decision i think .but one thing it is looks very big in hand ..you have to spent some time with that.		45

Best iphone in this price range		6

1 month review. : Best deal from amazon under 55k for 128 GB , Excellent battery life almost used upto 2.5 Days with 4G Data enabled ,No face lock issues , Camera Quality is good but portrait feature works only with human face detection ,Red colour is very attractive		54

its for my wife . shez coming from iphone 6s to this one . so its a upgrade for her . all in all a great phone .		28

The phone I received is not starting at all and I cannot see the option to replace, this is cheaty		21

Nice phone in a great price deal...		8

Best budget iphone currently. Got it for 40k(128 gb model) in amazon sale.		18

Great phone from the greatest minds		6

This is a very good product.You should buy it without any hesitation.Go for it.Battery of this Iphone XR is very good.It lasts upto 12-13 hours with light use.Face recognition is also excellent.This phone is very smooth to use and you will definitely love using it.		60

good because		2

phone is just awesome. Battery backup n camera is also good. But the phone is not slim like 6S or X/XS.		26

A very good phone. Camera & facial recognition is just next level. Njoying it throughout!		18

Best ever apple phone for value for money. Nothing to say. Amazing discount by amazon and delivery is also before time. Satisfied.		26

Proximity sensor not working. Not able to make calls as all apps keep openig wbile making a call		19

Like: Display, Sound, Battery		7

Yesterday i got these Xr after a week at 52k best offer the best thing about Xr is battery life is good compare to other iPhones Xr is powerhouse games like pubg we can play in HD smoothly no heat no lag good camera not best i am satisfied no issues genuine product from amazon		55

What a great phone!! Battery life is amazing, navigation is as usual the iPhone mark... overall an excellent experience.		23

Apple is one of the addictions which never go once you use I use 7 and now xr to my sister absolutely beautifully crafted device and excellent camera phone.👍		30

Loving this phone. Everything about this phone like speed, performance, camera, its amazing.		18

Best for rs. 46200		5

Very good performance. And very good cameras .. water resistant and wireless charging makes this phone complete		18

The quality of apple is fab you cannot match with any Android smartphone...tried several smartphone but nun has given me this kind of superb experience..		28

The only 1 issue I actually faced is the mic is in very wrong place if i am driving it is very critical to answer inside the helmet as the mic is in back side of the phone. Rest all the awesome		43

It is been two weeks using the phone and I do not regret buying this... too good camera quality and battery back up... good enough storage... loved it!!!		32

Everything is good so far!		6

pH is dead, not responding. Defective product. And no option to return.		16

Excellent phone with an excellent camera & fantastic battery life; dual sim (second one is e-sim) option is quite practical. Camera quality is excellent with portrait mode. iOS is as usual superb & user friendly with excellent performance.		46

We do not see much update on this version however we see that phone is as always amazing with the performance.		22

Everything is excellent ... if you want to buy then surely go for it.. (in short paisa vasul kaam)		22

First time apple user... but to be honest... apple is amazing from the all aspects.. camera, sound , battery , display , lagging issues everything is far better than android mobile....it is 12 mp camera looks like 48 mp of an android mbl...! Quality differs from others !!!!		55

Iphone is the best. Prompt delivery from Amazon. Two camera could have been even better		17

Good product, great experience!		6

When I switched on it started getting heated up near camera. Mix of gold and yellow is bit ugly. My other side of speaker is not working. Selfie portrait is good rest is not much appreciable.		40

Superb it is. It does not require any review. Large screen, superb quality, 128 GB memory and what else you want		25

iPhone XR is the current rightly priced phone from Apple. It is a good product . This phone does not have fingerprint unlock security, only face recognition is present.		32

Perfect phone for Apple lovers, camera and built quality of this phone is amazing. It is around 6 months when I purchased this phone, everything works like a charm, there are lot of hidden features that I still do not know about this phone.		49

Reason for 4 star as the earphone given as part of this purchase are not up to the mark and when I take call using earphone people complaint about sound is not proper and sound come good when I remove the earphone while talking on phone.		47

I had bad experience from Amazon within 2 days my phone having charging issue and I did not get any response from Amazon.		24

I have upgraded from iPhone 7. Face recognition excellent, Camera Good with portrait photography. Battery life... Very good. Bit heavier, but comfortable!		29

Amazon did the delivery a little bit late. But the phone is awsome.		15

Very nice phone, very fluid interface, face recognition is really very good but I think Apple should bring back the fingerprint scanner and that Apple specific home button.		31

I got this during festival sale at Rs 45000 and I am really enjoying this phone. Performance, camera, sound, display everything is top standard and no smartphone can match this at this price. Love this ❤️❤️		41

Phone is not working properly and they are not replacing my product and the product was in replacement warranty. Please do not buy from Amazon because if there will be any problem under 10 days they will not replace the phone. They will just give the customer care no.		52

Lot of software issues in it. Specially your contact names will not displayed on screen when you receive the call from one of your stored contact person. Raised the issue multiple times but very poor performance from Apple. Do not buy this model.		47

People spoke have criticised about the iPhone XR's screen, compared to xs I found this screen is more colour accurate,		24

My new XR PHONE is GETTING HUNG frequently When I shuffle around the apps. I do not have much apps active though I moved apps from my iCloud. Even few apps get struck and couldnot do any actions. I have not seen in my 6S though the issue.		52

Using it since 15 days and till now could not find anything disappointing with this phone. Battery running for about 2 days!, Camera is single lens but clicks very good, Speed and screen all is perfect. Upgraded myself from Iphone 6s.		46

Awesome experience with IPhone XR red Color		7

There are some problems with the iPhone xr I bought 15 days ago.		14

Most affordable iphone really proves when it comes to photography, performance and off-course Battery backup. Having been with it for almost 2 months it has clicked most of the boxes urban smartphone should offer.		39

Only complaint that face reader is not as great as fingerprint reader in older version of iphone.		18

iPhone XR simple superb.		5

Awesome phone, good battery life, awesome camera... 4k recording and i have started vlogging channel in YouTube with xr only,,, shooting, editing and uploading all in one.. awesome performance.		36

What I really admire about this piece is 2 things:		11

The product I received is value for money. Battery life is pretty much cool. Loved the system performance. Worth buying.		24

I ordered the phone on August 8 2019 and it was delivered to me on August 14 2019 and it is been 7 months and now my phone is fully dead and is not working at all.		38

I have only used the phone for couple of days now, but it looks really good. Amazon did a good job in timely delivery. Probably the phone is very good so far, and I am in no position to give a proper feedback unless have used it for a while.		55

Best if you do not want to see annoying ads in you are feed		14

Great product, a good upgrade from iPhone 6s, large screen, fast, water resistant, great camera, and looks good too		25

Original Product ☺️, still remember while opening the packet please make a short video of what you received.		19

Superb phone. Wish they could match the battery life with what other manufacturers are offering at one third the price		21

Apple may release the dual sim slots for India. It may increase the sale and customer also i think.		21

Defective piece		2

This is awesome product as usual. Did not regret but buy this. Must go for it. Only thing, this is a bit bigger phone for single hand user.		33

Great phone with good fingerprint reader, camera quality and long lasting battery life !		15

As always grt		3

Nice product, looks good		5

Awesome mobile..		3

Very bad experience with the iPhone XR		7

Battery life is good but the problem is with the phone heating very quickly. Even redmi's who are known for getting heated quickly, get less heated as compared to iPhone Xr. I steal one star for it.		43

iPhone XR is really one of the best Apple Products I have ever used! I have had used iPhones in the past but nothing matches XR’s feel and optimisation. Not only does it look good, but also performs superbly well. Much recommended.		49

The features of the phone are very good. Camera and the operating system.		15

Anyone here to compare this with android. Please keep in my, comparison happens between apple to apple and not apple with oranges.		25

1. I have purchased iPhone XR 64 GB .All are features seems good as per expectation but I got newt work issue in this phone .		28

Hanging issue, network dropping issue needed restart to get network again. Face detection is also very disappointed, please never waste your money with this product.		29

Nice phone in all respect.		6

Just go for it, try buying the 128GB or 256GB model if you are planning to record your game clips ... because 30mins of screen recording costs 4GB memory ....		31

Best phone for the best price. Purchased at prime sale for 40k. Best iPhone ever for this budget.		21

Worth the money, performance is good even with 3gb memory. Apps are pretty fast.		17

It is a good phone obviously, It does not have any defects, delivery was smooth and non-problematic, phone works great, best camera ever, overall, I am happy with my purchase		38

The Iphone has been stuck on set up page after i tried restoring it.		15

I heard many people fear to use Apple phones as its os is slightly difficult to use. But I feel that once we are familiar with it then it is very easy to use compared with android phones. The build quality is superb. Also the camera is fantastic.		52

Good phone. I been an iphone user for the design simplicity. This is a good phone. One does not need a pro version. This is a champ		31

Have bought this iPhone after iPhones 6.i am pretty happy with the device,battery is too good,camera is great,Performance is swift no lags till now played hefty games like pubg and asphalt 8 on this phone no lags were found at all.overall an excellent device		54

I bought this phone last week and in one week charger started misbehaving. Sometimes charger got disconnected and sometimes phone is not getting charged .		26

I purchased it from Appario pvt ltd. And they sent me a genuine, brand new iPhone XR so 5 stars.		23

Best budget phone by apple,cannot believe the overall performance and the tremendous display quality, who says the display is not good, obviously its not good it is excellent. And thanks to Amazon for providing me the phone within 12hrs.		45

I already have Google Pixel 2XL. I can proudly say that iphone XR can not match the camera quality of Pixel.		23

good so far it s been a week battery is good .... not fond of clicking pics so cannot say but clicked few theay are good		26

Great device. Battery easily last for a day. Amazing Camera. Got it for 40k and at this price there cannot be any better device.		28

I upgraded from iPhone 5s to iPhone XR and I am not regretting at all. Battery capacity, camera, speed, everything seems perfect for me. Your budget is not enough to buy iPhone 11, max or max pro then definitely you can go for this. You will not regret it.		57

Really great product by apple just love the beast inside this machine... charging is quite good. And mostly pubg is super smooth and everything is great really a beast by apple		33

One month of usage and the phone is dead ! Tried all solutions suggested by apple but no signs of recovery. Next option is to take it to service center.		32

iPhone XR one of the best mobile and os		9

Finger print reading and camera quality is good. Apple is the best.		14

iPhone XR 64gb is best buy even in 2019. I bought it during festive sale at 37,999/-		21

I am happy to buy this amazing phone from Amazon’s thanks .... it is original phone ....love this camera .each and every thing in box charger headphones manuals books...seal box Recived.		38

Best in the Class...		5

Awesome battery life, magnificent design, camera quality 10/10, fully satisfied, worth of every penny. Buy it with blind eyes.		27

If you want a new phone, just go for the Xr because it is price is pretty reasonable and also it has a very good battery life. I am very happy with it		35

Speaker not working one side when I get calls sound very lowwww		12

Value for money phone . bought at 39999. perfect . absolutely perfect .		14

Good one, very nice product, no complaints till date camera is good, super battery life loved the product, red colour is awesome		26

It is a genuine product, verified on apple's website. Everything is working as expected		18

Everything was just perfect.		5

Within a week the ringer volume varies and the WiFi signal is very weak when compared to other iphones.		20

Camara quality is good , Face ID works well.		10

Everything good you expect of an iPhone		7

Super phone ... great product and thanks to amazon for the great price		13

Man the battery life increment from iPhone 7 was mind blowing.. screen is not a problem unless you have used a 1080p oled screen.		26

Perfect phone at perfect price. Most liked Apple phone with dual sim.		14

Amazon price of this phone is lowest. 43000 Rs.		11

Best phone with best display battery camera is excellent everything is best		12

Total fraud gone with me , initially face sacnner was good but now a days after one month it is not working properly n problem of going phone hang is obvious n regular, total disappointed from this phone n if this happens further i m going to sue them		50

@AmazonIndia It has almost been three months since I bought this phone and am now facing a problem with its left audio speaker which has completely stopped working. Only the right audio speaker is functioning. Kindly assist.		41

A hair line crack which could only be detected by the shop keeper who was applying the screen guard . A very fine crack which was missed		27

Product arrived good,got it at Rs 38000 at amazon sale.Thanks Amazon		15

Good phone. Not aware it has finger print reader		10

Apple iPhone xR, I think this product do not need any recommendations, only my review for amazon sale. I bought this at never before price 37999/-		30

Only cons are overall little bezel around the screen as compare to XS version. Battery lasts for a day on normal use including music, chatting and social media use.		32

Good delivery from amazon		4

This is an awesome product by Apple.		8

Awesome product, Worth buying if in budget		8

One of the best iphone I have ever used. battery life very good.Camera quality has no match when it comes to shooting videos from XR.		29

Amazon service is good.		5

Best phone so far. Battery backup is unexpectedly huge		10

Speaker of this phone is cracked while I received this product		11

Nice camera and superb battery life compared to previous models of iPhone. Very happy with my iPhone XR red.		21

Awesome phone and apple tag it self looks so premium in hands and face lock works superb overall happy to buy this phone instead of one plus 7		28

Got the phone for Rs 53,250 in the prime day sale. Used it for 5 days and it is the usual apple experience. Good picture, touch and camera quality is excellent considering it has a single camera. It is a bargain at this price bracket.		52

So let us face the truth, everyone thought that its a flop iphone from apple. But it turn out to be great. The LCD screen everyone was talking about is not that bad, you will not even find any difference.		45

It is little on heavy and bulky side coming out of apple but given the price range it is a good buy		22

As apple kept the price it is worth it for a first time Apple user but for old apple users the xr is not that great Apple it has thick bezzel and its quite heavy too what its good at it is the colour options and camera quality and the chip it provides.		54

Charging pin problem		3

Very happy with performance especially sound and picture quality		9

bad product		2

Camera unable to use any external links in this article but it should be mentioned in this discussion on the web very disappointing.		24

I received an old phone. It already had pictures clicked.		12

I love it		3

Battery issue is problem discharge very fast and take time to charge almost 03 hrs.		16

Dude,, this phone is a beast..you will love this phone		13

My first iPhone. Awesome phone. Rich User experience, speed, battery, camera, looks excellent. Smooth, fast (no lags). Good build quality, best lcd display ( not to compare with sAmoled screen) 5out of 5. Must buy. Amazons quality product.		53

This phone is kind of the best iPhone in terms of value of money. The only thing you will miss is the oled display which is on the expensive iPhones but only when you compare them side by side. Got the 128gb @50k so pretty good.		50

It is awesome iPhone. Loaded with a pack of features. Face ID and Memoji is super, Thanks Amazon and Also to Apple.		26

Facetime did not work.Air Drop fails too. camera quality is as like my earlier IPHONE 6. Battery performance is excellent.		25

I have moved from iPhone 6 to XR		8

Quiet good but little bit of scratches only on outer cover. An improved product by Apple, appreciative. Powerful battery and camera is supremely good, suggest you to have another wireless charger, rather than fabulous product.		41

loved it. i live with it. very durable battery. good picture quality.		16

Best Budget iphone. Got		5

The right buy at the right price. The battery is holds up well. Rest is as described by lot of reviewers, it is an easy to use and maintain iPhone. Apt pricing. Good for designers & developers who need a test device.		48

Fasted delivery		2

Camera is good ,		4

First of all apple product is genuine product no lacking , but however battery charging is too low compared with new edition with android phone vocc charge and dash charge at least apple should have fast charging Technelogies		38

Video not working. Out voice we cannot hear. Amazon is giving worst products to customers. I am going to file a case with the proofs		28

It has been a week since I started using it and as of now thoroughly enjoying it.		18

awsm camera n good performance		5

This is my first iPhone. Great experience. Bought @43k price in sale in 22 January 2020. Great design 👌. From photos I thought that there will be airpods with it but actually it is earphone 😂. But phone is awesome.Best phone for 2020.		50

YOU said it is a water resistant product but when I was answering my calls the front speaker was not working properly and I could not hear the speaker. This was my main issue and other was that constantly my phone was lagging in between.		47

Everthing about this phone is good except the back glass which is not durable.the backglass shattered into pieces from simple fall in the car and apple asking to phone for whopping 53000 to change thephone my phone is just 20 days old		44

A beast , thank you Amazon for quick delivery, definitely a worth it phone apple has manufactured . Always a Apple lover ..		24

Very happy with my decision! This phone is amazing and the blue colour is very cute and unique being an iPhone. The battery life is better then the other iPhones that I have used and you will fall in love with the camera!!		46

Moved fro iPhone 5s and xr is simply superb.		10

Good mobile , but bezels screwed me , battery life is decent , please skip this and buy iPhone X , a waaaay better than any other devices , it is nice , compact , premium feel, Xr does not gave me such a good feel		47

iPhone does not need any reviews.its always best and better that iPhone X		15

If you have a budget of 45k you should definitely go for iPhone Xr it has super powerful chipset and no matter what you do you cannot use it to it is full potential it is buttery smooth and super reliable with great battery life		45

Mobile of d year... truly fast... great camera.... good price 38k thanks to amazon...		18

Touch Screen response slow.dificult to close running apps.		11

Sound not working, buy from another seller		8

It is a higher end mobile so the screen guard should be provided with this packing it can work to make customer Happy.		24

There was a line in the display.		8

Does not support dual physical sim . Screen size is smaller. Does not allow google . All downloads are paid downloads. All songs storage is through I tunes application which also comes at a cost. Lot of drawbacks for a normal user and not user friendly.		50

Leaving all other iPhone advantages over android i mention the pros and cons of this device.		17

Phone hanging issue observed. Application closing swipe up action hangs the screen and does not allow to close the application. After restart phone works well. This is intermittent.		32

A good phone especially for camera quality. And lives upto all I phone users expectations. Although not very user friendly for non iOS or android users. The colours it comes in are genuinely awesome.		38

Earlier i was having Apple Product which i bought it from Dubai, and now i am using XR which i bought it online, and this really sucks. The earphone quality is not the one apple used to have, Zero Noise Cancellation, zero Quality.		49

Mobile has some defect. Gets struck some time.		10

Awestrucked with this I phone.. one of the best i phone i have used.. i have 4S, 6S and 7.		24

I experienced trouble while using the phone for calls. I could not hear most of the time or the receiver could not hear. call fails in between abruptly. This is very annoying phone. I wish I had returned it.		44

It is an awesome phone with some great inbuilt features...do not worry about the display it will not disappoint you at all		24

Do not think much if you are dual sim lover than go with iPhone xr		15

This mobile is gud but fast charging is not available it will take 5 to 6 hours to charge fully		20

I have a doubt it is an old one		9

Amazing received original I phone XR , rear camera performance is God leval when front camera quality is not good		20

Good looking phone at g8 price 37999		7

it fulfills more than my expectations an ofcourse the brand is enough to justify the value of product		18

Good one every thing is superb I love this phon very much and now m going to buy laptop also please do quite low price macbook because I have to buy please do some less price macbook because I have to buy after luckdoun please please		46

You will never get service for this brand. iPhone service center not taking there product.		17

Good battery.packing is very poor.iphone cover is good.so my phone is not damaged.		20

I have been using this phone for the last 4 months and it is working fine, And the best part about this phone is its battery. Now the price of this phone has decreased alot one can definitely buy this phone		43

Nothing great about the phone, would prefer oneplus 7 pro version.		13

Every feature is quite impressive but the camera quality should be slight higher its not up to the mark as shown in advertisement..		24

My phone stop working after 3 days...I hv to rush to apple store ...thank god I got my ph replace..I really got worried as it was new phone ..but will not purchase phone again online will purchase directly from store..		47

As usual, Apple product when compared to other mobile phones in similar category are priced higher .. but I like the improvements in battery when compared with previous iPhones		30

Good product. Loved by my husband as a birthday gift .		12

I did not get a warranty paper in any form along with this product. The product seems to be in perfect condition though.		25

Its very bulky and photo quality is not good.		10

Great look coral colour		4

One of the best purchase from Amazon. Packing and Delivery is good uncomparable. The phone and it is performance are satisfying. 12 days usage of the phone left me without a complaint. I give 5 🌟 to this purchase.		44

I am mad about I phone forever and ever no words to define		13

This iphone is my second iphone followed by iphone 5s and battery of this phone great which provide at leat 1.5 days backup. iPhone xr is great phone		31

Just go for it. Everything was known. If your budget permit go for it. All apple product..only budget is issue.		26

Display quality is fantastic, face recognition has some lag issues		11

Awesome phone got it at a Very good price during the Prime Sales		13

The weight of phone is too heavy... Although the video recording is awesome the Photos quality simply does not justify it is price...		25

Just the best smartphone in this segment. Absolutely love it. The quality, the software, the camera, the face id, the battery and everything.		30

FaceID & handsfree is not up-to the mark.		11

Battery is draining like anything please help. Is it a genuine product. Amazon please help as i heard the batter suppoy is good but in this product batter is worst.		33

it is iPhone !!! What else????		7

Ringer voice is very slow what is the issue		9

I do not think any phone comparable in this range.		11

The phone is amazing but i got cheated as i was promised the EMI of 4040 per month for 12 months. The sum of rs 4275 got deducted from my account. This is seriously not fare as i m paying almost 1500 rs more for my phone.		50

Awesome phone. Very good battery backup. Fingerprint scanner not available. Lightening fast Face ID. Call quality is awesome. While transferring data from android to iOS, WhatsApp chat data will not be transferred.		39

Got it at 43k during sale, and you can get it for 45k during normal days. This price cut is because it is being assembled in India. It is a great value for your money at that price.		42

Best iPhone xr but it is a bit weight and good performance but heating.. bought it for 38k		19

I upgraded from iphone 5 to Xr, and there is a huge difference in battery. According to my mobile usage, I used to charge iPhone 5 thrice a day and Now, I charge my Xr once in 3 days. The difference is immense.		49

Got at ₹36,999.00/- on 28.09.2019		15

The phone is good, the only problem that I am facing is that the phone keeps freezing for few minutes since the new iPhones have launched.		28

Service is very good by Amazon.		7

5 star		2

Good quality as the name says “Apple”. But price dropped down after my purchase. I wish to buy IPhone 11		23

good phone		2

This seller is not reliable, the brand new sealed phone did not work and had to be in the service center for a week. Do not recommend Appiaparo. Also, this was not the first time that there product was faulty		44

Every 1 knows wats the quality of Apple is, no reviews are required. Best of Apple make till know.		22

I really like the phone its awesome i upgraded my 6s to Xr i am really happy with the performance		20

Whenever we try to call any person, the opposite person cannot hear anything. We went to apptronic service centre , which was of no use. We have paid rs.42000/- for Iphone XR but not able to use it. We need replacement		48

The product is amazing with its features. The battery performance is remarkable.The response for the Face ID is also Awesome.The only Con is that it is Slightly heavy.the overall price has also gone down considerably.		43

Battery life has a problem, also gets hang sometimes.		11

Product was good, but got a defect in camera lens. Even though i got camera replaced from a planet care store, but still i never expected this from an apple product. This was my first apple product & probably my last.		46

Appearance is Very Good		4

Amazing phone which has almost all the features of iphone Xs. Amazing camera and battery life		17

Awesome product...nothing can beat iPhone...excellent Nd full security...		13

Great product. Battery easily lasts more than a day and very good camera.		15

Iphone XR is one of the best phone. Camera Quality is awesome . Got this Phone at approx 40K.		21

It is worst mobile, this is not value of money, iOS is not friendly user,worst battery life, oneplus is better than iPhone		27

Display quality is not as per standered as apple , when i use this fone , i could have feel stress in my eyes .		25

Using this for more than 2 months. The phone is awesome. Camera quality is really good. This phone is the strongest iPhone. It has the best battery. It lasts for one day in normal usage.		41

An amazing phone by apple for an affordable price		9

I am not satisfied.		5

Screen touch for select any app is very poor &		10

Iphone xr stopped working automaticallyq without any reason and is not working fine.My suggestion is not to buy from here		22

This is the most worth iPhone now ! It finest have 3D Touch but it is amazing ! And camera is just wow and always the same iOS smoothness		29

Superb performance		2

A great leap for me from 5s to XR. I am enjoying this smashing experience. Loving each and every bit of this marvel.		26

Speaker stopped working within 4 days of use !!!		9

Everything is good but the battery dies too fast. Maybe they meant to say lowest battery life in their ad but mistakenly wrote highest. Anyway the software is no doubt amazing.		34

First time coming to iOS from Android, always used to hear why people praise so much to the iOS. It definitely meet the expectations, so far so good. Smooth UI, Nice Camera and crazy battery performance. Thanks Amazon. :)		46

Apple announced one year free subscription of Apple TV plus when an apple product is purchased. How can I get this ?		23

Camera is really pathetic. Just usual mobiles costing less than 10000 are far better in taking pictures.		19

Phone is amazing, amazon delivery is not notch, received it next day. Overall amazing phone		18

It is iPhone... I feel better than 11 I feel.		12

The phone is good so far.... initially had trouble with the ear piece while calling, it is working fine now after removal of its plastic cover... phone is classy. Features are great, feels premium in hand ..		42

Nothing can be luxurious than this at the time when you hold the piece you will feel like out of the crowd and join elite legacy		26

speaker is not working properly, and getting extra noise while listening to the voice from other side.		19

Such a worst product , do not buy , all time hang, I am despointed to iPhone xr		19

Love the phone. I was not sure about the size of the phone. But once I started using it I think the size is perfect. It was a bit heavier than expected but the built is amazing. Overall is a terrific buy.		47

Wonderful, Classic One !		5

I used to be fan of I phone 3Gs mobile, I am getting same Feelings with this mobile, camera quality much much better compare to any otgers, YOU want to buy it, just grab it,		40

Good but I think iphone se camera is far better.overall good device.battery backup is awesome		19

It is a Face ID in this phone and not fingerprint, best deal and there is no need to add dedicated review as it is a apple phone :) as usual never disappointed with apple phone		37

Perfect product in the price range of 40k. It includes good camera, wonderful operating system, nice touch screen and product design. Only problem you may face is with battery backup.		35

Got it for best price! iPhone is love. <3 <3		14

The charger provided with this product Stops working suddenly and it is only been 4 days that I received the product kindly get a replacement for the charger		28

Really awesome device. Have been using for about 2-3 months... secure, fast, and really user engaging. Yes, price is always a issue with apple devices but their devices make every penny worth it... at least this one does✌️		48

Best buy		2

This phone iPhone XR is the best value for money it is as hard as a metallic brick Feels solid elegant in your hand especially the red product I am totally happy with the device and would recommend it thanks Apple		41

I was very happy with this phone. This battery had very long durability.Value for price. The quality of picture is very good it had 4K video up to 60fps . It is very good phone for those people who want an iPhone		46

It is one of the affordable iPhones. Speed and quality is same as XS, a little difference with regards to 3D Touch and camera.		27

Face id unlock is awesome, battery backup is best of all iphones. Touch is butter smooth. YOU have to go by IOS user interface not like android UI this is the only con.		37

Best cam		2

Obviously it is an awesome product		6

I had this phone XR on deal 128gb n m happy now to have this AMAZON giving original Apple products that is what we want		25

Got it during Festival sale with good discount from amazon India . Best iphone till date on every specs with butter smooth ios and camera quality also looks good. Overall it is a good performing iPhone .		38

have ot for now 2 months and exceeds expectation		9

If you are looking for an iPhone and your budget is around 50k-60k then you should definitely go with iPhone XR. It is the value for money iPhone. I have been using it for the past 3 days and I am really happy with its performance.		51

Phone looks great, easy setup for existing Apple users, camera is impressive with the additional modes. Overall totally satisfied with the purchase detailed review on battery after one month of use will follow.		37

This is the best phone anyone can buy given the price range. Had a little trepidation before buying it from Amazon given the comments of Amazon not being an authorised seller, but this product is worth a go!		41

Great phone		2

Best Buy so far.. was sceptical about ordering online, fearing a faulty piece, but worth every penny.		21

Good phone. Definitely worth the money. For me it was either one plus 7t or Iphone XR. Being an Iphone user for such a long time, i juat could not go for one plus. Turns out to be the better decision.		47

Mobile is superfast same as amazons delivery speed. Camera is good, face unlock is fast and gets my face everytime		22

Excellent phone, superb camera ,screen is extra large , processor is lightning fast		15

What a powerful device delivery at time good packing. I am 15 year samsung user but apple is apple		20

Very good phone i was android user but first tym using ios and only want to say go for it do not hesitate to shift from android to ios you will not be disappointed very good phone in apple series		40

iPhone XR is a great phone on budget price, great camera but only lag is the battery life, that apple should work on.		26

It is a outstanding phone... I really like thise I phone... Camera quality is good moar than One + mobile... Battery life is very good... performance is very good... Overall Nice phone ... Plz buy it and enjoy		43

It is a apple with great battery and user friendly,		11

Very good		2

Good product. Did not get any cash back even after buying through smart buy. Please resolve		18

This is my 2nd Iphone (Previos one is Iphone 6) but this one is undoubtedly Perfect in all aspects whether it is face recognition or camera quality or batter life everything. That is what I call a Smart Phone.		43

Face recognition is too good, front and rear camera quality is very cool, especially in night and yes battery life of iPhone XR is way too better than other iPhone series almost 7 to 8 straight hrs can be use		42

Really like for display, battery life and operating comfortably.		11

Got it in 50k during sale. Overall an Excellent phone.😁		12

Awesome mobile brilliant quality performance good .thkq Amazon such beautiful mobile xr just go for it colour wise in India white,product red,,black and also yellow also awsome but Iam taken white colour .		38

Phone gets hotter while charging and while watching video. Has it been repaired and sold?		17

I got XR with a great deal in Amazon and surprising this is awesome variant from Apple. Face ID works awesome and battery life is too good		28

Camera is awesome. A single 12 M.P rear camera beats other 60 M.P Android’s camera.		23

It was very good, Face ID is much improved after updating to IOS13 version.		16

I am using this from 2-3 months now, with one sim it is giving good battery backup but if you are using esim(dual sim) do not compare with android dual sim phone battery backup. Camera is good. Feels little bulky.		49

The headphones stopped working after a month or so. There is no wear and tear. Touch screen is not Upto the mark.		25

Amazon did not provided the original bill of Apple Xr to me in soft copy at my email nor hard cooy to my house. Please provide the same at the earliest. Rest phone specifications lies between 2 to 3 star only.		44

awsm phone bwalll red color is best color bhailog ankh bnd krke phone lelo and sirf amazon se best online site amazon phone best awsm look awsm profomance 100/100 stars go fo it		35

After using the phone for a week found it to be a great product.		15

Nothing to dislike, the delivery was lightning quick. The product is great. Only, the weight is a little on the higher side		26

Quality of mobile, camera, speed is very good. Very limited option as compare to android mobile. Battery life is not good		25

Little heavy, not suitable for single hand use, front glass is shiny,		15

Excellent product to buy. Camera clarity is amazing and outstanding.		12

.Everything is good but not satisfied with battery backup.		11

Easy to handle. User friendly. This is my second Iphone and now addicted to iphone now.		19

Excellent face unlock, brilliant display, crispy photographs and outstanding battery life makes you pride owner.		18

I m giving score in %		6

Superb Camera		2

Delighted to purchase in this offer miss the day but still it is good happy about the product only one thing is missing fingerprint sensor would have been great if it was there		33

I personally say, Amazing bhaishab superb superb phone its original , all thing superb		15

Really good and got it at best price with hdfc card		11

Osm osm, using since oct 2019 and till now the battery health did not got reduced		17

This is best iPhone ever. Amazing camera quality and as usual the speed of Apple is unprecedented. Battery life is superb and It can go on without charging for 1 and half day with moderate Internet use.		40

Everything is perfect,after all its apple ,but about the seller the packaging was very poor for such an expensive product.		24

Must buy from amazon.Sealed packed perfect iphone delivered.		11

Got this for 38,000 during great indian festival. Best value for money iphone for sure. Great battery backup and camera. And iOS !! An iphone is an iphone !		34

As usual Apple has not disappointed with their iPhones. Got it in Amazon sale and it is worth the bargain. Happy with how the device functions. Upto my expectations		32

Got the genuine product. The product is the best and bought it during the Amazon sale and got the Best deal for the best price. Camera is the best in the business.		35

Lovely mobile looks and performance		5

You know already everything about XR, best budget phone it is.		13

I got this delivered in one day		7

Best phone ever! The battery life is too good! And for gaming this phone is awesome 😎		19

my Apple xr mobile was not working and camera not working networks problems and charging problem so west Apple xr and amazon Apple mobiles it s a duplicate mobiles not a originals		32

Excellent product with good quality of pictures and fingerprint reader . Face ID feature is added security feature. Battery life not as per expectation but still comparatively good .		30

Got this at best offer. Nice phone		8

I bought 1 iphone xr. I want to know that how i feel vibrate in i phone.		19

Amazing phone with superb processor ,face recognition is very responsive battery backup is great , amazing build quality, screen quality is okay not bad but at this price point quality could be better.		36

Awesome phone. If you cannot afford a lakh phone then this is the best choice. Battery back up is pretty much 2 days. The face recognition is super fast.		33

Awesome purchase great upgrade from 6s. Awesome battery life awesome performance. Truly loved it and quick delivery makes the service from amazon awesome.		26

I am missing my android. Nothing good about this phone except camera.		14

Great phone for the price. Performs really well compared to the higher end phones at the same segment . Camera perform fantastically and has face recognition for unlocking the phone		31

Received in excellent condition and very happy		7

LCD screen and little heavy are the only two drawbacks of this classic phone.Rest all like camera,speed,battery life are awesome.		27

Very good battery life and very nice photo quality. Dual SIM works smoothly. Excellent call quality and speaker sound is loud enough. Overall a very decent phone.		31

No finger print .very pathetic. wen you use helmet you have to put password and password also not work fast type. Battery drain fast and charge late. Camera also not soooo gud		36

All is good however, this was purchased on EMI , but amazon did not initiated process with bank on time and EMI could not be activated, called amazon customer care nothing happened, bad on amazon part		39

Product is reliable and good		5

There is no fingerprint reader in XR. Camera quality is poor, especially front camera. Battery life is usual for iPhone. Over all the phone is fine but recommend to go fo one plus.		38

Worse phone ever it hang ill go for replacement let us c what vl b response from apple store		19

Excellent quality and thankew Amazon for such lovely prime day deal of 15-16 july really appreciated and hope in future also you will be given deals on iphones fully satisfied from Amazon in everything		36

earphones not workinggg .. n adapter has been changed ...seller replaced with normal charger		15

This is my 3rd iPhone and almost everyone in my family including my mom have IPhone now... Apple phones are best phones. Buy them without any doubt.. Very stable, no lag, user friendly , long lasting		41

Experience of upgrading to XR from 6s for me is awesome.. it is really really nice phone from all aspects.. battery life, picture quality and face unlock is really great..		34

Superb very very good battery life it can go for 2 days also		13

Elegant phone with dual sim support great battery life. Best apple phone under 80k		15

Amazing portrait pictures and super fast processor. Did not feel any lag after using for at least 3 month		20

As usual apple product.		5

Kehna hai ..... kya ? Le lo yaar . Itz great . Bezels are there but will get use to soon .		22

No words to say it is iPhone it is always in top place		13

What a device man! It is perfect in every way. No need to think twice before buying it. Worth every penny. Got it in ₹38k during navratri sale.		34

So far I am loving this phone♥️♥️		8

Would have given 6 star to battery life.......a complete package at this price point.		17

Too expensive		2

Awesome product...		3

Best user experience till date.		6

Received genuine product with one year free screen replacement. Loved it.		13

it is been a week since i got this and it is been amazing		14

I must say best iPhone device of apple. Colour (Red) is looking very premium. Camera quality is excellent even in low light condition. Longest battery backup from iPhone devices.		35

Excellent product. If you are a fan of quality and durability, this is it. Amazing battery life and innovative integration with Mac and Watch.		28

Awesome Iphone XR loved it		5

My Order date was 19-May-2019, So i thin 1 Year Warranty is expiring in May-2020. I need to purchase extended warranty. Kindly assist.		33

Battery is aswesome, and screen visibility/touch screen is too good. Replaced my iphone 6s and i am quite happy with this phone where i can use my entire day in 2 hrs charge only in early morning.		42

Got a defect mobile and got it replaced. They simply publish that the product is replaceable within 10days but when we they tel us to get replacement key from apple. Such a faking morons		36

It is such an premium phone. The build quality is great and UI is fast and fluid. If you want to have a iPhone with all latest features by sacrificing the display this is the one for you		40

Good product camera quality superb, battery life good and face lock. I am happy to receive the item and thanks to amazon for deliver genuine product in very short time		32

I had an issue with waterproofing of the phone as proper functioning of the ear speaker returned 2 days later after the incident.		24

The best iPhone in affordable price with huge screen.......loved it to the core ❤️❤️😍😍😍👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌		16

Battery life is amazing... this phone has changed my mind and thoughts towards iPhones. I have used every iPhone as of now however battery life is amazingly good in XR also camera is outstanding.		37

I already knew the product was good, you do not invest without actually studying what you are buying, the service by Amazon was great, I got next day deliver, best offer and a good quality product!		41

I as using Xr since last two week, totally satisfied with the phone.		15

Thank you Amazon for the original product, quick delivery and awesome deal.		14

The entry level product to get into Apple house of quality product.		13

excellent phone delivered by amazon in very good condition. Only hitch is apple should provide fast charging options (when even low range phones are supporting fast charging).		30

I phone xr is also a good product, battery life is better than other i phones in market. Value for money.		24

Face recognition is superb.. battery life is better than average.. camera is good..product is good happy to use		22

What can I say, it is an apple.		10

Every inch of it is pure bliss particularly the camera , superb battery life I delayed my decision which cost me 5000 because of price hike but still 7000 less than market price		33

Loved everything about this product. brought it on sale at 35k and can not point out a single thing which is not as per expectation.		27

Great battery life, lasts 2+ days with heavy usage. Voice quality even on Vodafone network was quite good, and that is saying a lot.		29

I was not given ear pods even though it was mentioned in the description of the product, kindly send me the ear pods		24

Budget iPhone with some miner issue, proximity sensor not works properly, if call is on and we move away phone from ear then it shows black screen, or not lightning up screen		35

Received product well nd got good discount.		8

Actually iam an android user for past 6 years but now i want to upgrade to i phone nd i choose xr so i decided to buy it in amazon really i feel so gud nd they are rally kind nd gentle to me tq		45

These people promised me for cashback n now they took their step back ... they even have recordings of their promise ....worst site even phone also defective .... not working well after a month		35

No flexibility in personalization of handset.. Not user friendly.. Their is a difference between sophisticated & complicated.. It tends to inclined towards latter..		27

They have not provided lightning connector but mentioned in the box providing lightning connector		14

Do you really need any review here? Probably not.		11

Camera,battery,face recognition are excellent		8

Reasonable price in apple range n worth it		8

Did not expect such poor camera quality from apple phones even my earlier iphone had a better camera. Overall has a good battery backup but really disappointed with camera quality...		32

We can not add song and videos from the outer device. Some application is not supported like true caller, call records, google map not working properly, battery back up is very nice.		37

Thank you, Amazon for delivering the order within two days. The phone is a real bomb. Just loving it. Best camera, long battery, everything is great. I would highly recommend this phone.		40

I am in love with how this phone feels in the hand when held properly. Battery life is super good.		22

Bad battery life and heats up		6

Overall worth paying, value for money, durable, efficient, advance product		14

Value for money no difference 11 or sr		8

Packet received from amazon without any flaws. Night mode pictures were a disappointment, battery backup is superb, never ever had expected such a powerful catalyst. Overall it is a “take it”		37

I bought it for a steal price. I definitely recommend to buy it when in sale		17

As usual a good phone at this price point.		10

Awesome Product.. very difficult to describe feelings in words.. but it is simply awesome..		17

Am speechless and just lovin it..		7

Extremely satisfied with this product. Turely value for money.		11

Awesome phone. Bought @ prime day at 55k. Best deal		12

Being an Apple fan for more than 20 years love this iPhone.		13

If you have a budget of 45k + .. do not think of any other phone .. just buy XR .. loved it		23

Got the blue iPhone XR 128 gb for 43000.. works like a charm. All day battery in heavy use and two day with normal use... camera is super awesome. Thanks Amazon.		36

Touching screen is not quite good, sometime it hangs, when calling time screen get blank, then we have to press Power button 2 times then it wakes up...		32

Fantastic product		2

Good and value for money		5

This phone is a beast, great battery life and the user experience on this phone is amazing as well		20

Colour is totally different. Do not go with the looks in Amazon website.		15

Good perfomance. Got it at 42k		7

Bad battery life		3

Nice phone		2

Nothing new to share about Apple. It is a perfect mobile		12

Finally an IPhone with excellent battery backup. Face recognition works perfectly and so does Siri. If you are unsure about Iphone 11, go for this one		29

It is a nice deal through Amazon.The product quality of iPhone XR is amazing.Such a grt experience to have an iPhone.This is first time I m using an apple product.You can go for it blindly		43

Good product but single back camera		6

Never purchase Apple products on Amazon. Worst product! Even worst service by Amazon! The phone was having heating issues!		23

Very worst quality		3

100% satisfied with the quality shipping genuine product all things are working fine product is 100% genuine shipping time as said very fast		25

Nothing new to write about iPhone. The color of the phone is just gorgeous!!! Everyone loves it.		20

Capable of good processing and memory optimization is fantastic which leads to lag free experience in high gaming application		19

It is a great phone for professional usage		8

Over all the performance is good. I am happy with this iPhone XR especially for all day lasting battery.		21

Excellent mobile phone ,I love it		7

Moved from android to iOS different experience. Good battery back up. Getting charge is too late compared to android mobiles. Fast charger is not available with box. Camera was awesome		34

Just owsm.. battery backup supb, camera quality supb, class look		13

Exactly after 15 days my lightning cable discharges some greenish liquid and stopped working , and when shown to apple service care center they told it willbe not covered under warranty.		32

This liquid retina high quality display does not beat my Samsung A8. Very disappointed. Sold in 2day.		20

The name itself says a lot about the product		9

I switched from Android to this one and it is worth the switch. I got it for 50k which is the lowest deal ever.		26

Overall build quality is good		5

Great purchase from Amazon and product even better as expected, you cannot compare with other brands apple is apple...		21

its good product but not tested for esim		8

I like this phone, great battery back up..and after all its iphone. Happy with it		19

Face recognition Nd battery life is not too good as I was thinking..the face unlock is automatically open by my bro face as he is not put his face as password in the phone then also how		39

When the call come together it hang and light of to use again we put side up down button 2 times		21

Better than iPhone X, but price is still high compare to OnePlus market		14

Awesome price and awesome product by Apple and sold by amazon.		12

Best product this time. Do not go for x or 11. Go for it then wait 02 yrs.for new one.		25

Very good phone..takes very long time to charge almost 1.30 hr		15

I got a iPhone day was only working for 3 hours post which it never got started..lot of effort done but not single customer service could let me know what is the way out. Screw you guys		40

Every thing according to my desire. Battery is comparatively good according to my desire. Camera quality so majestic and with high quality and resolution. Eternally better than android		31

Nice camera Amazing battery approx 24 hour e sim dual sim functionality very good I love it superfast delivery by Amazon thank you Amazon and Apple		26

After iphone 6s i purchase XR model..which is highly smooth in usage..		15

I do not seem to have got cash back of RS. 3000. Can you please check.		19

overall satisfied with the new iPhone XR		7

NYC		1

The product is good for those who are in view of buying ios having a full display as per the recent trend.		23

Sometimes it is automatically switched off while it have enough battery life. Ringtone sound and other output sounds are not rangable one and its like low level mobile.		30

Its best budget iphone to buy in market right now. Display is not a serious issue and remaining features are similar to its siblings xs and xs max. Bought it for ₹52k so got a excellent deal.		41

over all mobile is good but after one month using this phone now my battery Maximum Capacity showing 98% which is not acceptable.		25

if you want to secure phone then go for ios.		11

Product is damn good on all counts. A fast charger required. WhatsApp data transfer from earlier Android device is not possible.		24

All the features were cool except the green dot that appears on most of the photos in the form of a lens flare is a bit annoying.		28

Buy it without hesitation,awesome camera, awesome battery life , everything is good.		16

Nothing to say about it		5

I am very disappointed with Amazon within 3 months of buying an iphone the phone got dead and is not switching on. I would not recommend anyone to buy an iphone from amazon.		35

After long time apple have launched budget phone which is very good.		13

It is awesome. It is my first Iphone and I love it so much. Battery life is too good.		22

Genuine product received not fault in package no product damage. Wonderful device.		14

Go for it, value for money. Bought during Sales. People who wants to enjoy great experience of iOS at budget, then go for this. I am sure you will not regret.		37

Great buy, i was using android for years never used iPhone. But after purchasing Xr i can clearly see the difference, iPhone is far more faster and nice interface		32

Super smooth and easy to use with full 1.5 day battery life with dual SIM and moderate usage of phone...		23

Superb phone at 45k ... Apple at its best ... Awesome processing ...		13

I purchased this iPhone XR I think the same is refurbished item which I received.		16

Excellent Product		2

Excellent phone with wireless charging.		6

Best mobile in low price, camera quality is batter then from China mobile 48 mega pixel means 12=48 🤣 Face unlocked very fast,		27

Please provide original invoice as the copy provided with phone was incomplete and torn . I have submit the same in my office. Please do the needful on priority.		31

Nice 1		2

performance,camera,battery and all features all awesome		10

Amazing product. Got in lightening deal		7

Awesome phone		2

Defenetly worth it		3

No one can beat Apple Processors.		7

Best phone I have ever had		6

The phone is not good as normal I phones . Always hang. Face recognition always give problems . And if you go service Center they say take backups and come back		32

Got a good deal in the sale, worth it		10

The most complete IPhone ever. You will not miss the fingerprint reader, the Face ID is amazingly fast. I am also getting good battery life with it. The single is doing wonderfully well.		38

Genuine product in best price, Happy to upgrade with iPhone XR :)		13

Awesome phone! True genius and different from others..		10

Amazing buy. Works perfectly fine and I bought it at an unbelievable offer price.		16

super mobile		2

Superb and satisfied with performence, face recognition is little bit slow rest all is gud...		17

Awesome. Bang for buck. Has the features you are willing to pay for , a very decent price post HDFC cash back offer.		26

It is an awesome product from Apple, The battery life has improved alot than the previously launched iPhone models. User interface and iOS 13.2 is excellent. Guys just go for it...		37

Excellent performance and swift touch		5

Except it gets a little heated in the back while playing , other than that it is the best.		20

The mobile phone is too heavy and there is no fingerprint sensor (though there is Face ID). Otherwise everything else is great.		25

Thanks Amazon for this superb deal,its highly unbelievable to get such an excellent model of IPhone on such a reasonable price.		24

iPhone XR is a expensive branded phone and it is a water and dust resistant but After only three weeks use i found dust in my camera’s lens . I am extremely disappointed about this.		38

Quite sturdy phone - though little heavy & bulky. Good efficiency & battery life.		16

Best Camera quality and best battery		6

A great product at affordable price		6

Loving the experience with the budget iPhone		7

Not even completed 1 month but battery life became 99%, some defect may be will go and show some iphone store.		23

Good apple thanks,		4

Good product. Bad battery life		6

Unfortunately having issue with screen		5

Product received Manufacturers damage display and back panel gap and back panel damage received		14

Calling Sensor is Not Good Enough And Also Sometimes Touch Stops Working for Few Seconds		15

The phone is awesome. The one thing I disliked Earpods not met my expectations.		16

Apple iPhone is iPhone.. Amazing feature		7

Realy awsom phone. Best price 23,900. Thank you amazon.		14

Like the looks and a valuable investment		7

Order was delivered before the estimated time of delivery. Really enjoying the product.		15

The best smart phone. And is better android phone		10

Upgraded from android to iPhone with iPhone XR and this has completely impressed me. Good Camera, Excellent battery life and faster Face ID reading.		27

this phone is strong, i have dropped it quite a few times. camera quality is good. the battery life is better than my poco.		28

No issues in performance, flawless		6

The smoothest phone ever. Best camera		7

Apple product. I Rest my case		7

Awesome phone		2

Absolutely loved it. Upgraded from my old IPhone 6 to this beauty. I realized how slow my previous phone was after I started using this one and I got a great deal from Amazon.		37

Fantastic phone📱 ever		4

Charging Adapter/wire not working properly have to adjust at different angles.		14

Good performance..Believe me drop test done in 1st week of purchase, not intentionally by mistake fallen down but nothing happened..Thank God😍😍😃		27

It is a very good and Original product.		9

Wonderful product.. but need to update new version after unboxing🤣 m not satisfied with packing literally t phone comes with 1 simple plastic warped cover that is it.		31

Facial recognition works great, camera is excellent and battery life is great too.		15

Best Product, best performance, good camera quality, full day battery life, no hanging or any other issues.		22

Very good but face unlock is slow good battery life and excellent display with good feature but required wifi to work or download any file over 200 mb		28

Screen had a yellow tint. There was a manufacturing defect. Chek ed with other devices in showroom and all were normal white. Returned the device and claimed refund for this.		34

There is no finger print sensor. But face id does a pretty good job. Love this phone.		20

Camera is good but not the best. Bettery life is the best. Face recognition is fast and reliable even in dark condition. The screen is best in LCD class displays.		34

Nice product		2

Altogether I liked. But an easy way to type other languages than English is essential		16

Bad front camera and weight of the phone. Display quality of the screen and rear camera are amazing		19

No regrets after using almost for 1 month. Dual sim working perfectly. Guys go for it if your budget is approx 50k....do not spend on other android phone...		33

Mobile’s screen is not scratch resistive.		9

Awesome product!!		3

Sometimes face recognition stops working. Overall a brilliant phone.		11

Battery life good camera quality is also good		8

Superb deal during the sale and enjoying the smooth interface		10

The screen quality is amazing and the phone overall looks awesome! I upgraded from an iPhone6 and the photos come out really well!		25

Go for it.		4

Worst return I have ever faced from Amazon and the boy who came to inspect the phone he had taken 300 And he is saying that everyone phone has returned but not mine		33

Awesome phone!		3

It is the best phone!!❤️Camera quality is superb Nd the battery backup is too good😻Nd this is my first iPhone I think it is worth the money 💰 🥰		33

call receive and end feature is good... camera quality excellent.... touch quality good... battery life jabardast... phone face unlock speed very fast... every thing is perfect...		32

No fingerprints and moderate camera quality. Otherwise perfect phone.		11

Not expectable		2

Great Product Camera is Awesome.		6

If you love Apple then it totally makes sense.		10

Its an average phone and complete wastage of money.		10

Bang for the money		4

Beautiful product....		3

The phone is overall good. Its a bit heavy than other iPhones but still the battery capacity, the screen resolution are well upto the mark		27

If have budget then definitely go for it.best part of this phone is that it contains A12 Bionic chip, which takes the experience to whole new level.		31

I am having issues with the sim lot getting not detected intermittently. Causing major issues for myself		18

the phone is awesome.battery is perfect and the camera is magnificent.its photos are like the photos of dslr.sound is also very good.build quality is also best.red color looks awesome		39

Amazon is amazing! Super price and delivery. Using it without issues. I extended the warranty at Apple service.		22

Very nice product. Delivery was quick. Very happy with the product		13

Got a Nice deal of this superb phone. It is a worth for money deal.		17

What to say about . 🥰 excellent phone with amazing battery backup		12

over all excellent my videw ,		6

Camera quality not as per the expectation better to buy 1 plus variants.		14

Good phone for pictures and very handy and compact to use not like big phones in hand ...but the battery life was not so grate ...overall very good phone to have		33

100% orignal prodecut sell Amazon. Time to deleverd prodecut. Best price 38k provide amzone in great Indian sell. Always my trustable online wapsite is amzone .		30

Nice phone but not get the bill plz sent it		10

Awesome mobile		2

Outstanding Camera		2

Amazing I love iphone		4

Screen 8/10 camera 10/10 speaker 11/10 build quality : awesome. Best value phone and best in market and last but not least it is Apple		32

Great phone at great price		5

Nice phkne		2

1st time I had purchsed my iphone online. It was delivered on time and is working fine.		19

Good price & quick delivery!! As alway apple product as of best quality.		15

using this phone is really satisfying for that price its worth it it contains its pros and cons, but it is good and can adjusted to daily use.		30

I upgraded from my I phone 6 - & this XR is a real step up - everything in the phone is much much better		25

Loved it		2

Power adopter should be given fast charger..		8

Left speaker is not working		5

Worst model in iPhone series. Poor battery performance and charging will take couple of hours and voice calls are too noisy... This is not review this is my experience.		32

Great phone. I have using this phone for a month now. Battery life is better than other iPhones. Camera is very good.		26

There is no figure print sensor but i am very happy with face unlock feature		15

If you want an iPhone but do not want to spend on XS or XS Max, then blindly go for it!		23

It is good for nothing.the worst ever product I have seen in my lifetime		16

One of the best phones in this price range!		10

Cannot believe an iPhone can give good battery life. Overall great phone		13

Masterpiece from Apple		3

Great phone with all the required features no need to spend much money for other phones xR is only enough for all my needs		24

My adapter is not working!!		6

Amazing phone		2

Price is very good		4

Heating persists..		3

Superb		1

Overall good Experience ; switching from iphone6 to iPhone xR was really worth the buy.		16

The phone is a bit slow while switching data plans between the two connected sim.		16

No need to say about an iPhone. This is the best of all iPhones that I have ever used. Buying it from Amazon is another enjoyment. Thank you.		32

Great product but little one day delay delivery		8

Ultimate phone, red color		5

Their is no issue in screen gaming is super dope .		11

Go for one plus 7 pro. It is a great deal. I hv both and I can assure you. iPhones cannot beat one plus.		28

My first IPhone and I am in love with it..		11

Excellent phone....money’s worth		7

Best battery backup good camera its a value worth but voice call quality is very low mic is not working properly the person on the other end cannot hear me clearly		31

Got it for good deal..		6

battery life what i liked about the product		8

Good value worth it		4

It is a good mobile phone but comes with a 5 watt slow charger but mobile supports fast charging, it should come with a fast charger		27

So far enjoying this product. Luckily I could grab this phone on offer for 48k along with offer applied during prime day. First time using an apple product and I am very happy		35

Amazing.good camera.value for investment		8

Super phone... simply love it..just go for it..		12

superb one		2

I am in love with the battery life of this phone. 100% charged phone takes around 24hrs to go down to 5% even after gaming n continuous usage on daily basis		34

My first iphone and its awesome		6

It feels so nice in hands and a compact device love this. The main problm i have found it cannot download files more than 200mb on mobile data.. It requires WiFi only		34

Cheers to Amazon! This is the most Value-for-Money online shopping deal ever! I love the iPhone XR, and the Coral is an absolute gaze-stealer and a hit the ladies 🍑		39

Awsome looking premium smartphone. Size is perfect. Interface is so smooth and fast. Battery back up is outstanding. Camera quality is fantastic.		27

Excellent..		2

Superb phone,great photo clarity and battery backup is good.		12

As expected		2

Good		1

Best battery life so far amongst ALL iPhones i used so far in last 8 years...		17

Iphone xr is superb so I gave 5 star, camera is nice but selfie not satisfied to me, battery is also not satisfied. Also like the phone.		31

So superb .. I am 1st time using iPhone . Very interesting nd I am impressed .. camera quality awesome . 1day battery backup .. face lock in very strong ..		31

Nice alternative		2

WORTH THE PRICE		3

Purchased the new iPhone XR on 21 July.Not sure battery is not at all good. Disappointed with amazo and apple both.please help me out with the exchange or refund .		35

Phone is awesome , go for it. I purchased in amazon festival offer and it saved my 5000 rs .		21

From iPhone SE To iPhone XR. Camera quality is good. FaceID works really nice. Powerful phone.		20

The purchase experience was seem less and the delivery also happened promptly. I am very happy with it. The 256 X-r is difficult to get and the product is awesome!!		35

I am a new iPhone user switching from android. The battery life is best!!! Last a day for heavy usage. The phone is best in every feature mentioned. WORTH THE PRICE		35

Amazing battery life and at a great price specially during the Amazon Great Indian Festival		15

Now I am happy with the quality of the phone.		11

Overall the product is good. As I have used android last 10 years, feeling more customisation needs in iOS. Like the MIUI skin..		27

After one month of buying the phone it got hung up which never happens with i phone want a immediate replacement		21

Awesome as ever		3

Still one of the best phones out there with this price. The specs are awesome and even the lcd screen shows no compromise even outdoors.		27

Aswm phone at this price...		6

As an apple user I would like to say that this cell looks really amazing and face lock is just a kind of magic. Camera is as lovely as I expected before my purchase.		36

Awesome product from Apple as usual. Face recognition , back camera quality at its very best. Although front camera during night will not take that great pictures.		30

The best part is the safest delivery taken care off with multiple safety features packaging.		16

This phone is amazing .... battery backup is really good.... and the face id function makes your life ease, camera quality is very good ... in love with this phone		32

Nice Product to gift someone		5

Fantastic Phone, however the camera quality looks inferior specially compared to the one offered in other brands.		19

Does not save more than 20-30 numbers in call history		12

I like the buttery smooth interface. Face recognition and battery life are very good. Overall I am very happy with my decision.		25

I mean it is iphone (for crying out loud) 😃		12

Charger provided with phone is not working resulting unable to charge phone		12

I was scared to buy such worthy product from Online. But i Loved the product from Amazon..It is a great phone. Thanks to Apple n Amazon..Loved it..😍😍😍		34

👍		1

Apple phones are awsome		4

You do not dislike apple		5

Wonderful product and superb service provided by amazon as first time the product was found to be damaged then they immediately replaced it within 4 working days.		28

Face unlock is slow, battery is good, 64gb has less storage go with 128gb minimum. Except security and sharing iphone support almost everything similar to android		29

Amazing.excellent.		4

I got IPhone with in a day time. I am a first time iOS user and I am liking it. It has got quite a lot of features. From Face ID to wide screen display.		39

Product not a good price as well as not desire range of quality		13

This is my first iPhone and I am enjoying the experience. From android to IOS I feel great smoothness in user interface		23

Excellent phone as expected.		5

Price Wise Excellent Product		4

Iphone xr is just awesme....best battery backup..everythings are smooth as butter..and blue coloue......ufff just love it.....		25

Camera is very good and battery life 1day with full Internet		11

Excellent product, must buy		5

Everyone speaking about lesser resolution. I have used 402 ppi mobiles but still I did not see any problem in iPhone xr lower resolution display... Display is simply awesome		31

Amazing phone, loved every bit of it		8

Best product of apple for mobile.		7

Everything is nice, only the battery should have been more powerful.		13

The Face ID is too good. I was a bit sceptical at first to move from Touch ID to Face ID. But the tech is too good no problems as now.		34

Classy, smooth and meets the expectations. Thumbs up!!		11

Just awesome. Working like a wonder.		8

Good		1

Great phone with excellent battery life.		7

Good product		2

Gud Apple Product using for the 1st time this Apple Product Loved it 😍😍		14

Amazing phone		2

four star for the price but awesome mobile		8

Its good...but i feel android was better...and more user friendly		14

Camera quality is just awesome. Loved it. All the features are just woww.		16

Awesome product		2

Awesome is the word for the phone & loved amazon for the great offer ... was good bargain		18

Good performance machine, single camera but with amazing quality, multitasking is fun on this one, it is the perfect sweet spot between x and xs		28

camera does not recognise non human images for portrait mode. Portrait mode should not be restricted for humans. There is a lot of scope for portrait photography which can be excelled.		34

Its a half eaten beautifully designed APPLE which interacts with you. 😅😂		13

Awesom		1

Excellent performance-Awesome Camera-Picture Quality the best in iPhone-Face recognition works perfectly fine.		19

A Very good phone		4

Good battery life		3

great but buy offline		4

Very nice.Iam very happy.All system and software are good nice.		15

The battery health has fallen to 97 which I did not think it would happen		15

Awesome battery backup and camera :-)		6

Battery is drying when I play games battery us not upto the mark		13

Pretty good		2

Ultimate choice for better camera and battery life with best in class face detection even in no light condition. As always one of the best product from Apple.		30

Main problem network		3

Battery and camera are good but phone heated up a lot and starts to lagg		15

Best iphone in budget		4

Camera quality, battery life and ios		7

I do not think I need to write anything about Xr. A very good phone.		17

Got this product during Amazon Great India sale at an amazing price		12

Best iphone XR as compare i phne xs. Good battery life and face regcognition		15

Awesome product from Apple.. Awesome speed, Massive Battery life and Awesome camera.. Do not underestimate its Display quality too.. it is so good..		28

Excellent..great product..good build quality..good performance		11

Overall product is awesome		4

The product is just awesome no doubt and its worth to buy without any worries really its value for money, Thanks amazon for giving me great deal and product.		31

Not happy with this purchase , received damaged iPhone .		10

Amazing i phone excellent service by Amazon		7

Good		1

Good		1

I want to replace my iPhone XR because I looking like clone help me plz		15

Best for upgrade from 6s to XR		7

I like the battery life and the camera is not so good as it has only one camera but overall it is performance is very good		26

none		1

No finger print		3

iPhone Xr have dual sim. This mobile ring tone for incoming calls in SIM1 and SIM2 have not separate option. both have only one ring tone.		29

the product i have received is not getting charged. and when i opened it for the first time, the sensor is showing issue like the screen does not turn on if i remove it from my face while on call		42

The only problem i feel is battery....which can be sorted out...Excellent phone overall with this price...		21

Best iphone. Sturdy, long battery life. Real smartphone		11

Apple always did their job well for iPhone XR .You cannot even find the difference b/w oled and lcd.its a sturdy style from Apple .		30

Pls plz do not purchased apple xr online...i got network issue...n service centre r not ready to replace n not solving problem....extremely bad experience		30

Worth purchasing this iPhone. Upgraded from iPhone 7. Good experience.		13

Defective piece received		3

Really great product. As always top notch quality delivered by apple.		13

The Face ID detection, most of the time I have to enter password to open the phone		18

Good product		2

Product looks good. But if I compare this with a showroom (Aptronix) one, it looks some what different in resolution.		25

Mast product he bhai log. Le lo saste me mil raha he. This phone have same specifications as x and xs. Only difference is in display		29

Thanks to Amazon Sale, got this with amazing deal. 😍		12

It is awesome.. no comments required..		8

God		1

Not bad		2

Superb Phone		2

Received a new xr. Found it defective as face id and camera are not functioning properly. Replace the defective item with a fully functioning one.		28

Aweosme phone with great looks and colour with fast and safe delivery thanq Amazon		14

The best iphone i have ever used with great performance , speaker quality is awesome .Best for gamers and audio lovers .		23

Extraordinary one		2

little bit got warm		4

I am lobing ith.		5

Every thing is good ,I loved it.but only thing is charging taking very long time,no fast charging option.Camera also not so good .		30

Amazing		1

Amazing product with a very good deal during prime day. Prompt delivery by seller. Thoroughly enjoying the phone. No complain so far. So 5 stars.		30

Best iPhone		2

Beautiful apple phone, very happy		6

It is really one of the best things that we bought on the amazon sale!		16

I like this phone. Amazon service is very good. I get this phone 1day delivery. I will save my 7000rs for this phone. I buy this phone 42900rs. Store price is 50000 rs.		39

I felt just one thing of apple is its worth buying a great experience... yes bit expensive but still worth to its cost		24

Excellent iPhone for affordable price ( relatively ) . Battery backup is superb .		14

Nothing to dislike.:: best iPhone I have used till now		11

Best deal from amazon		4

Selfie camera could be improved. You can get the same clarity/ better details on a one plus 6t.		21

Speed quality of internet etc is disappointing compare to similar kind of Samsung phone. Otherwise phone is good , Never hang		22

Paisa vasool phone, As usual no need to write review.		12

Review after extensive use of two months. One word simply Awesome.		13

Great product for the price. Got it for Rs 43k (128) could not get any better at the time.		23

We like updates in iPhone		5

Battery is the best. I is my first iPhone. Audio is best in class . Battery capacity is lit and I can use it like for 3 days . Camera is good.		35

The phone is simply suberb...you can buy this without 2nd thoughts...Amazon delivered the product on time and well packed....awesome experience		26

Excellent phone with great camera. Being an android user this is the due time I am using iPhone and it is a truly remarkable experience so far.		29

Incomparable		1

Excellent!!		2

Voice clarity and receiving of mobile signals is very poor. Its only a brand but coming to voice clarity its not upto the mark		25

What can I say more about the Apple products it has got good battery life and pretty much decent camera		20

Thanks Amazon and Apple. Phone performance are very well and battery backup is to good compare to other Apple iPhone.		22

Hanging issue		2

iPhone is iPhone		3

This iPhone undoubtedly has the best battery life in comparison to any iphone , front camera is too good , only demerit which I have experienced so far is this has bad screen quality.		35

Best one		2

Do not Buy If price is More then 45000		9

Camera is excellent, battery life is exceptionally very good and also face recognition is good		16

Great phone		2

earphones are not working bad experience only one side working. .		12

My charger is spoils in 3 months need replacement		9

Very bad experience with I phone XR very disappointing...		10

Nice product but no discount made the deal bit expensive		10

After using 1 year quality okay but need to improve battery quality		12

The phone is working properly but the headphones are not working. For a new device, it is pretty surprising to see such a state. Not happy with the item		32

I think this iphone xr is fake phone quality of sound is not good		14

Great phone, value for money. Good battery backup. Battery recharging takes more time should include fast charger. Everything else is perfect.		26

I was using iPhone 8 and could see the Technology improvement with Xr. Amazing phone specially - Camera, Battery Life and the Face ID		26

Was delivered a faulty charger, went to the Apple store to get it checked and was told that it is a fake one.		25

Apple as usual very good with performance, good camera and good battery life. Worth upgrading from iPhone 6.		21

iPhone XR Decent phone worth for money !		8

Good phone in this range		5

This is an amazing phone. People who own an iPhone and are looking for an upgrade, this is the phone to get.		25

Got defective piece and phone ring is not working		9

Camera is not good for night photos, battery is amazing		11

Iphone XR is a great phone with excellent features. The Amazon sale made it a value for money proposition.		21

i phone xr is best phone ever. Best display, good battery & camera. And face recognition is so fast. Best thing is budget smartphone		28

Premium Smartphone with good features		5

Fake phone , Defected item but not return		8

Awesome! Product with best price		6

its great		2

Battery life is excellent,		5

After 4 moth used...its grate phone..battery life ++++++good..over all ..Happy to purchase form amazon.Good service/fast delivery 👌👌👌👌👍		29

Much better then mid range android phone of any brand. Good Betty life. Good ram management. Very very smooth OS. No lag in any application and game.		32

Its a fantastic phone to use, only disadvantage is its too heavy. I phones are generally famous for sliminess and lighter wts except this one.		28

At last i phone with relatively longer battery life!!!		10

I am loving it		4

My phone is yet not start plz help and guide it has been locked		14

Super quality ,i loved it		6

Fantastic phone.My dream phone.		7

It is a good iPhone for that price range of less than ₹50k		14

Sometimes the phone hangs , battery life is good . Camera quality is good . Apple drops prices within a month of my purchase which is heart wrenching		28

At the net price of 37999/-, this was an instant buy. Found no problems and every things works great. Grab it fast, when less than 40000/-.		31

It is been 5 months that i have this device..		11

This is the best phone I have bought till date. Awesome product and fantastic delivery by Amazon.		19

Battery back up is not in expected range and camera quality is not better		14

Not able to even power on, product is not in working condition		13

In 3 months it is battery maximum capacity health reduced by 3%		13

No issue with phone till now after usage of around 1 month. The battery life is quite good, for me full battery lasts for 3 days.		29

Sensor issue on this phone and amazon is not responding i am trying to reach out but no response from them.		22

Very nice product by apple in affordable price..		9

XR is great ...but I am facing problem in Screenshot capture from past one month....rest all ok		20

Wonderful product, sells itself. iPhone is great & wonderful quality		12

Awesome product and delivery by Amazon is Great		8

Overall good phone but camera quality and features less than expected. Front camera is quite average for a phone of 40k +		23

No doubt best phone.. got it in beat deal.... what else you want. It is been 6 months going on well.		25

Have been an apple user for years now and the battery life of this phone just bowled me over 😬😬		20

Nice look		2

Value for money product by Apple. I used to use iPhone 7 before this so it took me sometime to get hang of this phone since there is no home button.		33

Awesome		1

Useless overpriced phone. Touch sensitivity is worst.		9

Excellent product. Awesome battery life		6

Good battery as compared to old iPhone		7

Excellent performance very smooth operating system. Thanks to apple.		11

Brilliant phone		2

Top class camera quality and whole day battery life and lightening face recognition are the best features of iPhone XR		20

Good		1

yes, some software issues were there but it was not bothering me at all. Very comfortable phone.		20

All good		2

Satisfied will all the features		5

Face recognition - fast and good		6

Face recognition not tried		4

simply awesome		2

Awesome		1

Wonderful product... Super Graphic.. Just Amazing iphone Xr.		11

Good product, but little heavy and camera is just ok not as good as marketed		16

Battery life , call reception & call quality		8

No performance issues until apple decides to tweak down the software just to make you buy their latest products		19

Genuine mobile for new generation		5

Recognise my and my sis face		6

Should increase pixel of back camera		6

Seems very high value of this phone..as not found something really good features that makes us excitement.. but brand lovers always keep their brand loyalty..☺️		29

Worth every penny but a little heavy and bulky		9

The Face ID recognition is not working at all. I missed to figure it out with in the return period, now I need to get it done at the icare centre		33

Best in iPhone		3

Except weight, everything is awesome		6

Good enuf as per the cost		6

I phone Xr Stopped working on 3rd day of purchase😡...if this kind of service Amazon’s provides during sales... then I should stop believing them		29

I am really happy with the phone it works properly and batter life is superb as compared to other iPhone I have used		23

For apple products do not will not to talk Bcos I have one suggestion for all use the phone and get the feel of Real phone		26

The multifunction display was not functioning on the day 1		10

The handset is very bulky to use . Much more was expected from Apple . I was earlier using iPhone 8 but seems wrong decesion upgrading the phone		28

Face unlocking is little slow and battery also		8

Awesome battery life fantastic sound quality but camera disappoints me bit ...better camera phones available in market with just 15k ..		22

Good one excellent features		4

Everything is perfect		3

Beauty full iphone ☓r		5

Battery life is good, classic iphone! - weight could have been lighter :/		15

Mobile device is not upto the mark		7

Average quality. Some what slow		6

The second best apple product i have ever used, the first one is still ipad pro		17

Great Camera Quality. Great Performance		6

Awesome phone at affordable price..!! Not cheap but affordable..!!		11

This is my first iPhone and I am loving it.		11

Best iphone and 200 percent value to money.		9

This product is very good with respect the money offered by Amazon and All the features are working properly without any kind of issue.		25

Very good Phone, battery life is very good and better than other old iphones, i have moved from 7+ to XR, what i have seen , a good Battery phone		34

Battery durability should be improved , which is critical for this phone		12

its superb phone. finally got my dream phone. n thank you amazon for delivery on time n genuine phone. love to shopping on amazon ☺️😊		28

Nice Experience so far..!!		5

battery life 👌🏼		3

It is a good phone but overall performance is not superior than Apple 6s, 7 etc... So it is just a budget phone nothing else.		28

Apple products does not need any reviews. They are just amazing and i have been using and also will be using apple products throughout my life		27

Very nice		2

Value for money, very good battery life. Supports gaming, faster engine, response time is good.		20

Excellent		1

Not so worthy what you pay for this		8

Using iPhone XR over a month and the experience is so great. Camera quality is superb but front camera is not upto the marks.		26

Finger print not available but Face unlock is too fast....		11

Impressive product by Apple. Loved using it. Got it at a good discounted price during the Diwali sale with exchange.		23

It is a very good choice. Best iphone used so far. Worth the price		16

Face ID no finger print. Great product Face ID works faster		12

Overall phone is good, Battery life could have been better.		12

Good Experience with product...worth buy.		8

Awesome .... I have using this phone from 2days and it is quiet super feeling to work ,play game&capture photos with ultimate Clarity.		27

Connector is missing.unable to contact the concern person		10

Very good		2

Excellent mobile		2

Very very nice and good		5

The product, delivery everything on point.		8

A disgrace. Camera has become awful and the pictures clicked do not look real. Looks like a filter is by default on.		25

Nice product from apple		4

Good mobile. Worthy purchase. Apple iOS is far better and simple than android. Battery life on this iPhone XR is better than other iPhones. Go for it.		32

Best iPhone with Best Battery Backup, Excellent service from amazon.		12

If you do not have an iPhone, you do not have an iPhone.. :)		16

Reasonably Apple. Gets the job done.		8

worth it till now using		5

Worth buying xr phone.		5

not worth money		3

Excellent performance		2

Battery is very good .display and face are best. Performance is little bit more improve maybe after update		20

The screen quality is amazing although it is LCD. The face id is easy to fast then expected.		20

Excellent		1

Excellent apple product in real good deal 128 gb in 48k. Thanks to amazon for nice prompt delivery		19

It literally takes 4-5 hours to charge from 20 to 100%.		14

Heating problem face.		4

The product is not so good some time hanged and some time not working properly the product performance is so badly till now		23

Highlights the battery in almost full day		7

Awesome phone superb		3

Awesome product with an efficient battery life. LCD display is pretty cool when compared to retina it does not have much differences		23

Nice		1

All damaged phone sets are re circulated n dumped on us		11

Earpods was written there but i am provided with wired earphone??? ☹️☹️☹️		13

Battery life is very very low. Need charging frequently.		11

But i think. Voice mic has some issue. Other people always report me for low voice in coversation		20

Awesome battery		2

First tym m very disappointed from I phone ...		9

Bought in discount offer overall good mobile		7

As usual the best phone from apple IPhone XR. I have been using iPhone since 7 years and hope this time apple bring some awesome product.		28

product received with no damage. What else you want ? ;)		12

Weight is high, ergonomics to hold the phone is not good		12

I am a apple 🍎 lover so i will give 5* for all there innovations		16

Great deal on prime day		5

I write this review after one n half month, overall performance of this iphone xr is great,		19

Good product.		3

The best iPhone battery life in a while easily last a day and half with games and multitasking and stuff		20

Best experience with IPhone . No doubt you will love it awesome camera better than android phone cameras		18

Amazing phone & great battery life. The best amongst all the iPhones.		14

Longing to purchase one.after purchasing I feel that Only good thing in iPhone XR is camera . I feel android has better features.		26

Bought this when there was amazon sale was going on for 36k +4K (which i did not pay bcz of 10% instant discount on my credit card		30

Dead on arrival worst experience first time by amazon		9

Super value for money product. Great picture and sound.		11

Awesome mobile... one of the best iPhone I have ever used.		13

Obviously Its value for money.		6

Awesome phone .. camera was superb no worda for that realy happy and its my first iphone .. really happy		20

iPhone XR is the best phone as per me under 40000 price point. Thanks to amazon for delivering the product within one day.		25

Device started becoming warm of late, reason not being known.not getting same battery life now as compared to used before 3 months when this was bought.		30

Phone built quality is Awesome. Headphone and battery charging jack are the same so that create a mesh.		20

Amazing phone but overpriced as always with any of the apple products.		13

Phone is functioning simply superb		5

Best deal		2

although apple is famous for his low battery life but this XR is breaking the history with full day battery backup and best affordable iphone must buy it		28

Nice product		2

Nice phone Bt some times screen gets still..		9

Shifted from Android to IOS and I am just loving it.		12

Ammo		1

Good Phone, Secure Delivery By Amazon!		8

There is no figure print scanner in it		8

Face ID, battery and Camera performance. Superb!		10

The delivery system is good. Got what I wanted thanks amazon		12

These guys themselves changed delivery date and gave me heart attack.		12

Phone is absolutely good and business class but the only thing I feel the face lock not work in night mode.Rest is good, value for money		29

Excellent no words to review amazon did not break the trust .. i am very happy & satisfied with the product as well as the service provided		27

Upgraded from Iphone 7. Experience is very good.		10

Everything is great as per expactations but i did not receive my 1 year acko insurance of free screen replacmemt		20

Superb phone..very smooth		5

I lik phone.. Good phone.. Bt want fatser..battery total vest.. Oneplus good fone.. Do Not bye aaple bad cumpani		25

There is no finger print reading - only face recognition and it is just superb!		16

The best iPhone ever made so far. Excellent.		10

Great phone		2

suddenly my phone switchoff and phone is not working.		10

Nothing more about the excellence of Apple iPhone. But the pricing of XR category is very much liked and affordable to the common user.		26

Best mobile under 50k from apple		6

Awesome Camera.Everything is near perfection.Superb build material with Apple iOS 12.Got at fabulous price during Amazon Sale.		24

Brought IPhone XR last week. Love this phone and it is my first ever apple phone. Face ID is excellent and much advanced phone.		27

This phone is amazing... if you want a phone with amazing battery life then go for it and camera is also very good... very happy to buy this... 😁😁		32

Got the product beforetime.		5

Overall performance is good except camera quality since the selfie camera does not give the gud quality picture		18

Good		1

Great phone		2

Excellent piece of a product, combination of art and technology.		12

Best Phone In This Budget From Apple Must Buy.		10

The phone keeps on getting disconnected from WiFi for rhyme or reason on its own. Really frustrating		18

Charging is very slow		4

Good		1

My first ever iPhone, just loved it		8

The phone is good, working in a nice condition, but they did not gave apple convertor in it.		21

Excellent product		2

Good product		2

Superb cell		2

This is an amazing phone. As someone who was a pixel 2xl user, I found the iPhone XR to be better in almost every aspect of my daily usage.		32

<3 Love for iphone. Just too awesome		9

Camera quality is ok ok		5

I m totally in love with this phone. The red is so attractive. Just little bit heavy.		20

Everything is awesome in this price range		7

Value for money got it at a good discount		9

iPhone XR does not need a review. 😊		9

The face detection is excellent, touch is also good		10

As always, outstanding		4

If you do not want to spend too much on buying a new iphone this phone is a great buy it can really get you through for 2 years easily		30

Awesome buy....do not think twice everything a thumbs up from camera to battery... a little thick and heavy though that is the only con		27

Great phone, got at an amazing price during great indian festive sale. Amazing battery life last for around 2 day with moderate usage		25

The Camera of this phone is really good. The User Interface of this phone provides a great satisfaction for investing such an amount.		25

👍		1

I did not hear the sound properly		7

Quality with reasonable price.		5

I love it to use it		6

Good phone under 50k		4

Good		1

The earphone which i got with the phone has 2 cuts in it and i want to get it replaced		20

Product is good. Received an intact iPhone delivered one day before the mentioned date. Bought in 49900 128 gb red.		23

Camera works so good		4

This is my first iPhone and it really feels great		10

Amazing phone, any android user can easily move to iPhones, features are not so different from Android. One will love the fluency and speed.		28

Cost too high in Indian currency		6

OS is not that great. I want android in it. I hope Apple updates the OS soon and puts android 10.		24

Good phone. Go for it.		7

Its been a really nice product and amazon is best at its delivery services. And phone is really a beast performer.		23

In one word just awsome battary life super quality super i am first time user of i phone so for me its just awsome		24

Proximity sensor is not working now they have refused to replace.		12

Woooooow		1

Good.g for it		5

Good		1

Good		1

Good		1

Performance is great. But battery life is not sufficient.		11

The product was delivered and it was nice. However, I realised that no bill was given with it. So what do I show as its warranty !?		30

Fastest phone		2

Worth the money.		4

I liked nice camera with face portrait and I dislike there is no portrait mode with objects		17

From the house of apple value for money phone, with all classic features of iphone, with superior camera and battery life.		24

Phone heats up that is it nothing much. I did not regret it. You might also feel the same. I hope amazon excecutives will contact me regarding this issue.		33

Colour of the phone is very rare and it is beautiful as it is coral		15

Worth for money		3

Good product as always.amazon always known for their products quality and delivery.		15

Best		1

Very good battery life. The phone is slightly heavy. If you use with spigen cover, it becomes very heavy to handle.		25

Awesome product		2

XR is one of the best phone in Apple segment, It is working like computer easy to use and awesome look, Camera and picture quality is perfect		29

Excellent		1

super phone i got this product for 38k		8

worst phone ever		3

BEST mobile ever, go blind and buy it best mobile ever		12

Worst product ever, regret of buying it.no one even replied customer care and service center both are really worst experience ever		24

Face recognition is mind blowing and the battery life is a very good plus point 😍 So happy with the product After 3 months of use		26

Very economical price from amazon.		6

Long battery backup, smooth inteface ,awesome camera , you can use features of upper model of apples in this phone		22

Apple XR is awesome. The best thing about this Phone is its battery.. and the cherry 🍒 on top is it superfast IOS13 👍👍		26

A12 chip is still rocking, Apple makes fabulous smartphones.		11

guys buy it when its 42900rs. its worth it		10

Amazing product		2

no phone is like iphone😘 love you amazon got it in 42900....😘😘		14

Nice cashback offers in Amazon..I am so happy this product buy to the amazon		16

Great device... the only regret I have is I should have taken 128 GB model.		17

Superb		1

Very good product but hanging problem		6

Perfect phone at this price. Battery and camera are the best thing in this phone		16

Nice one		2

My mobile is defected and the side corner is defective and phone is not assembled properly i want to replace that defective piece		23

I m very happy with this purchase😍.Good package of features. face unlock works best, takes less than a sec to unlock. loved it😍		29

The charger adapter was damaged within one month of use,I am very disappointed, I did not expected this from this kind of product.		27

Overall it is good and worth for money in all aspects.		12

Perfect thing that match your desire.		7

Lightning connector is missing.		5

Performance not good please replace this item		7

Product is good but i did not get my bill yet.		12

Charger does not work anymore		5

Very nice product. Bought it for 44999 for my friend. Excellent performance battery and camera.		18

Nothing to say about the iPhone. It is an iPhone. For review, pros & cons please refer to google search.		24

Excellent in price segment. No android is closer to xr..even one plus 7 t nor asus rog2		20

Amazon is far better than any competition like Flipkart. Got original product and even checked with apple care		19

Purchased it of 38k, colour side excellent choice.		10

Sensors not working properly. Seems defective pieces sold out during big sales		13

Amazing phone Quality superb		4

Display is lcd and quality cannot be compared with x or xs		12

Awesome		1

The delivery was very fast and the phone is really good. It has a really good camera and battery life.		22

Not as expected		3

I was a android user since 2010 and I do not like Apple devices but after buying XR i am in love with this device		25

👍🏻just what I was looking for!		8

First off, the battery life is Very good		9

Fantastic performance		2

My dream phone its the best phone for me		9

Does not have finger print sensor. But Face ID works well. Good phone with great battery life and great battery		22

Better than buying an iPhone X		6

I am very with I phone XR. Amazon delivery is in time. Genuine Product.		17

Good product		2

Good product, as usual Apple phone rocks		8

A robust, long battery life iPhone you can trust in. Also waterproof, checked.		17

Very nice		2

Good phone at 39K		4

Awesome product from apple and very fast delivery by amazon..		11

Overall was super but little little problem		7

Good product		2

Best quality		2

Great mobile		2

Overall Good		2

Bought this phone and used for a week. Worth product and lovely upgrade from iPhone 6+		18

Excellent product. Ease of use and good features with iOS reliability		12

Product delivery was good was expecting much more safer but, its ok!		14

Great display... great camera in natural light... average performance in low light.... amazing battery life.... amazing looks....		22

Good phone.		3

Great		1

Xr is good phone		4

All good less weight		4

Iphone means Iphone. first time i switch on iphone, what an experience..i bought at 48000 for 128 xr, go for it......		27

I have to unnecessarily visit the apple service center multiple times because i have been delivered a faulty product.		20

Apple XR is the best budget iPhone.		8

This is good iPhone on this prices		7

Good phone from Apple, expectation fulfilled		7

Awesome phone		2

I got it for 42999 & it is awesome.		10

Like		1

I phone XR is one of the best buy after the price cut. it has a excellent battery backup & camera is amazing		24

Very good n apt to its name iPhone		8

My First iPhone. Moved from OP 6T to iPhone Xr. Best Ever Experience.		16

Nice		1

We are facing touch screen issue in the iPhone it is not even 20 days completed to the phone . I am putting it for replacement		26

The notch is a bit of a distraction while watching video’s on full screen.. but it grows over you after something days of use		27

Regret to buy this after launch of iphone 11 in same price ...		13

Awesome battery life, user interface is also good with an eye catching look.		15

Battery life superb		3

👌🏻		1

Best iphone		2

just goo for it nothing is better then any another mombile at this price... the iphone xr gives you a ausome felling		23

The best phone apple has ever produced		7

If you talk about the review no need for reviews for iPhone just grab it👌👌👌👌👌		16

The best product I am using after iPhone 6s... Grate value for money... Need some improvement in connection quality...		22

Best for gaming .		4

Just got in 45k. If you confused which is better to you just go for it this is excellent in this price segments		24

Good		1

Awesome mobile under 45k , Camera is just excellent in performance and also first time in Apple you will get long battery life		23

Amazing performance with superb battery life, camera is outstanding.		11

Nice phone		2

It is too heavy compared to its previous models.		10

Its my ist and best iphone that i had bought ever		11

Say no to Apple do not give features after taking so much money		13

Face ID and many features not found in android phones are excellent. One who gets used to will love every features...		23

Iphone XR is awesome but i took this cia amazon at 60k but after 3 days it shows 40k this so embarrassing.		23

Nice...like it		4

Good		1

Excellent performance		2

Even though LCD DISPLAY, It can bit others very easily		11

It has LCD display , brightness setting has to be maximum to view in sunlight		15

Excellent I purchased on amazon prime day July 15th 2019 only 49999 .00 rupees		15

I phone mobile ...no comparison...Best gift for my husband ...nice packing		15

Good one		2

It is worthy...M not at all disappointed		9

This is my dream mobile		5

Batter life is good comparatively with other IPhones.		9

Superb phone		2

Super But missing my iPhone XR Red 64gb		8

Love this phone		3

No fingerprint , it uses face id. No dual camera but better potrait mode than one plus 7pro. Battery life is intermediate.		25

The speaker has strange sound, I shall request for the full refund,have lost my faith from Amazon.Please connect urgently.		25

Good		1

Awesome with good camera and a strong battery long last for a day!		14

Very nice phone		3

Awesome mobile with Good battery life and speed face recognition. As speed as what I thought of before purchase..		21

The most amazing thing about XR is it is battery life.		12

Good		1

The seller was rude and in a hurry , still new to this phone. It is works just fine just feels weird without the touch sensor		27

Good		1

Nice iphone		2

The screen got damaged but it was not observed by us initially. By the time we have seen , we are unable to cancel or replace the product		29

All are working good		4

Every feature is good.sixe of screen is large.battery life is more than 24 hrs.Very much satified with I phone XR.Value for price.		31

Good		1

I received a defective iPhone. The quality standards were not maintained & its a shame that it has happened to an iPhone.		24

I have bought iPhone XR on 3 october on amazon and my headset are not working where should I consult for it is replacement		24

Amazing product		2

Nice phone, but not the value for money		9

Perfect		1

Duplicate charger have been imposed upon me.		8

Very good phone		3

It has good graphics and camera quality.		8

Nice phone. Good battery life, user friendly interface. Minus point is that it does not have fingerprint sensor.		22

Great product ... Got it on amazon indian festival season		10

Good product		2

Excellent iPhone model!		4

Good battery life		3

Iphone is Iphone, have used android before but like over all look and feel of iOS is way better.		21

Excellent performance, fantastic phone.		6

Best phone		2

The phone is decent.If you get it for 40k then it makes sense but any more than that its not worth much		24

Got it for 38k in sale..good work by amazon..genuine product with fast delivery		17

Best buy ever		3

The battery life is not so good.		8

Good value for money. Expensive but worth it. Was earlier using iPhone 6 and this is a great upgrade.		22

Nice phone from apple big screen good battery and on top of that dual sim		15

Like		1

Nice Phone... White colour is sophisticated and looks premium...		11

Amazing product camera is good ,I cannot use the fingerprint reader.		13

Value for money, highly recommended @this price range.		11

Battery life is amazing phone is pretty awesome		8

Got it at Rs 40k		5

It is a gud phone but a lill bulky!! Battery life is awesome !! Phone is working well!!		20

That Is amazing iphone in this price .		8

The phone is awesome i am quite happy with Amazon.		11

Battery life is good , camera is not that good at this price point , games run smooth but gets heated.		22

Product was awesome and now itself feeling the enthusiasm of xr		11

apple Phones need not strive on reviews. They are just amazing small machines!		15

Good response time for Face unlock, excellent camera and a decent battery life		14

There is nothing to dislike because i got the same thing that company made ...		15

Excellent		1

Awesome camera.The only weak point I got upset is the weight of the phone.Apart from that everything looks mesmerising.		24

It is awesome		3

Voice is not coming need to exchange		7

It has Face ID that works well. Awesome product !		11

Hi phone is good but USB cable did not work from the start, kindly sent a new USB cable bcoz i cannot use my phone.		27

Amazed by speed and camera quality! Apple never disappoints me!		12

Apple is always best in their segments		7

As always the best product from Apple is the best		10

The best and the only iPhone which broke iPhone 6’s record, this is worth 43k without a doubt		21

What to say...just wow!!!		7

Excellent Phone.		3

Amazing phone.		3

This mobile is completely worrest, signal issues iam using airtel sim signal receiving problem please solve my problem		19

A disappointment.Never purchase iPhone from here.They are defective.In my case one speaker is not working.Such a shame		25

Simply the beast at least.		6

Good		1

Battery back is not as told		6

Amazing experience only limitation little bit heavy and thick. Face ID very fast. Good sound quality.		19

Worth buying		2

Very smooth and comfortable		4

Good look.i have to see its performance,at present i am annoyed with its ringtone.also file transfer though shareit app does not work		28

Great purchase.Thank you amazon		6

Good		1

iphone have short battery life as compared to android .		10

Good phone with excellent battery life. Pictures taken are crisp and clear. Runs very very smooth on IOS 13.2		23

It is very good iPhone I use till today....		10

Amazing choice		2

Very good product can be told as a beast in this price range and has excellent graphics for gaming .		20

Battery life not good and it do not detects face at times to unlock and I received faulty charger which is not working		23

It is just one month and the phone not switch ing on....		13

Good experience with Iphone XR		5

All the features in phone are very good but please send me my phone bill on e-mail-rajendrasinghbaghel@rocketmail.com		25

😜😜😜❤️❤️		1

Nice phone		2

I am not going to compare it to anything else it is a great phone if it fits your budget.		21

Bulky. Hard to keep in one hand for more than 2-3 mins.		16

One word superb		3

Love this phone		3

I love this		3

Hi is very good module and butchers		7

Amazing Phone, got got at a surprising offer at 38k.		12

Nice Phone in iPhone series value for money		8

Super		1

Excellent		1

Superb		1

really awesome , rich and royal quality of life		9

Awesome experience		2

Average product from Apple, not better product compare to Samsung similar versions		13

Its an apple product. No compromise for build quality, performance, design etc. the best product i ever purchased.		23

i got my charger Defected. I would recommend to buy from store not online. Touch is also not good.		22

Good battery		2

Apple is apple..		4

Suparb..........		2

Delivered on time		3

Good heavy phone, but camera still need an improvement		10

Headphones missing from box		4

This works like magic..		5

Amazing product. And received product in one day. Red color is amazing. Camera could be better. Looks good		22

It is getting lagged.....		5

No doubt, best battery ever! Lasts all day and sometimes the next day also!		17

Classy phone		2

Phone is suprb working however earphones are damaged peice. The right side is not working		16

Value for money		3

Great packaging . Amazing delivery. Amazing phone. Just loved the entire process		14

awesome phone.. nice handling.. little but bulky but very perfect at this trend..		16

Nice performance but need to concern more regarding face recognition and battery life in the upcoming models......		18

It is been month since I am using this phone and I do not find any thing missing which required to be a best phone .		26

For 40k this is best iPhone deal ever.		9

Defective piece.. worst service		5

Its an iPhone! what can i say! :)		10

awesome phone, very smooth, lil bit complicated just like my ex.. rest is fine actually more than fine		21

Awesome mobile..in offer price. Thanks Amazon		9

Just awesome.. ♥️		4

Best phone, nice display ,superb camera, battery is the issue little bit .....over all awesome mobile...		21

Too good		2

Good one		2

Fantastic phone and I am a first time apple user. The hardware has been outstanding and really liking the exp of iPhone xr		24

Excellent value for Money!		5

Black beauty.		3

Original product, famous for its battery life and a low budget iPhone obviously.		15

Iphone xr is best MOBILE phone in over all phones so thanku so much apple company to give this phone to people's.		25

Good display, and processor. Value for money		9

Amazon is unable to help, being a so good brand company Amazon they is helplesssssssssss........		17

Not much options to do with camera, audio quality could have been better.		15

Awesome phone...Very Nice colour...		7

Good		1

If There Would be Six Stars For Battery I Would have Given 6Stars.		14

Performance is not up to level		6

Amazing product at an amazing price !!		7

Overall ok but camera is 3.5/5		10

Best iPhone till date, longest battery life, amazing camera quality, and product red is absolutely gorgeous. love love love !!		24

Faster face I would recognition, Super camera Quality, It is working Good...		15

I love the iPhone XR.		6

Very good		2

Superb		1

Its very nice		3

Product is very good condition		5

Superb product with descent amount... battery life is awesome. Speed and performance are speechless		16

just AWESOME and fully satisfied with overall performance of my i phone xr ..thnx Amazon for delivery on time...		21

Foor very poor		3

Amazing		1

Great phone		2

It is good but I did not got lightening connector with it and it is mention that there is connector in it		22

No fingerprint reader		3

From iPhone 5s to Xr. Great feeling, good battery life . Quality product in budget range , finally Just WOW ...		23

Battery life is good		4

i am loving it		4

Awesome product to buy		4

Battery capacity is good and sufficient for a day.		10

No issues		2

Great product		2

Best Apple fone , with better battery life ,,. Fully satisfied.		12

If you are on a budget..! Go for it without any doubts,best budget iphone ever 😍😍😍		19

No Dolby vision /HDRsupport viewing YouTube video		8

Amazing ios experience....		4

The camera quality is very good although the phone seems to work comparatively slow than other models of iphone		19

There is no comparison between iphone and android, iPhone is Op for it is performance.. gaming.. full satisfied		21

Excellent phone,one of the best battery back ups up till now do not know about iPhone 11.All in all just loving it		26

Camera quality is good as its name is enough. Dace recognition is much more faster and about battery i am giving 4 out of 5.		27

i like all this about iphone xr and its a genuine apple product and a one year apple warrenty.		20

Perfect phone at a great price.		7

Ok ok phone		3

The battery does not last long it is better to go to showroom and buy the product specially the iPhone		20

Overall good		2

So good		2

Make delivery faster		3

Quality means apple		3

Best Phone		2

Bawall phone h bhai		4

Overall, a great product and precious buy.		9

Apple is Apple		3

Got it in 50k. That was a superb deal		10

Very nice and fully satisfied, after discount got it for 35000		12

I got this phone in worth price with great discount and offers. Features are worth the price. Thank YOU Amazon!!		23

Worst phone. My another android phone is 5 times better than xr. Not supporting net. Sometimes hangs. Do Not bye		24

There is no fingerprint reader, but face unlock much better, camera quality is ok but battery life much better		21

THANKS VERY GOOD EXPIRENCE WAS LITTLE HASITATE TO ORDER FROM AMAZON IT TOOK THREE DAYS BUT EVERY THING IS GOOD		20

It is a good phone, little heavy but dependable..		11

Received original iPhone XR grabbed it with huge discount		9

It does not recognise the face properly. Battery life is good. Camera also not very good.		19

Battery life is far better than any iphone		8

Very nice product. Must buy		6

Best phone in this range.camera is good.But i liked the most is battery backup which is quite amazing		22

A little large in hands but eye catching & full of quality features. Power users can make most of it.		22

Good and right value.		5

Product and service Amazing		4

Awesome movie.... 2 days battery life... Photo experience is good.... Nice product		15

Good product		2

😑😑 not a value for money 😑😑		7

Great phone		2

Apple latest phone with this price is good to have.		11

Screen touche is not so good		6

Good		1

Awsome phone in great price on deal .amzon deliverd in 2 days		13

Good product, camera is good & battery is ok...		11

This is a great phone worth to use		8

The quality of this camera is very good. This is the best I can do with all iphone Best of all iPhone I use		25

Good choice at a good price		6

There is no amoled view but everything else is just top of the class		14

Iphone XR is a really good buy for that budget if you are Apple fan.		16

Being android user for more than 9 years. IOS was very new for me but it is very smooth experience. Worth buying #xR		26

The charger is not working		5

1.5 day battery life		6

Wonderful product from apple		4

Touch screen is not sensitive		5

Just one Word for Amazon is Best from on Online Shopping And Iphone XR great Product From Apple		18

Good product		2

Every thing ok,but camera is not up to excepted level		12

iPhone XR blue is an awesome phone, camera, display clarity, speed, browsing, apps..... I can go on and on.		26

Gud		1

N.A		3

Owsm but do not play games in this mobile.if you play then you are battery life is going bad		21

Phone is hanging too often		5

Very good & reasonable purchase. Worth opting for it.		11

The battery life is insane. I can go two days at a stretch without charging		16

Do not purchase		3

Good phone worth it I love it		7

I loved it... however can I buy one more in same price as last one.		17

I am facing issues with my phone.		8

Good one		2

I like the camera quality		5

The awesome product apple has provided and the amazon serviece was also good		13

Nice mobile. And looks awesome in hand.		9

Excellent		1

Best battery life		3

Awesome battery. Despite 326 ppi, brilliant display.		10

Good buy		2

Good Package Overall!		4

Very Good phone & Good quality camera Good battery life I am very happy with phone		16

Ok		1

Loved this product. iPhone naam hi kaafi hai		9

Best hai		2

What else should I tell about this wonderful phone??? As always, Apple phones are awesome!		18

1st mobile in iphone becoz battery is so good		9

Do Not buy this product		5

Beauty and the best ! Delivered within 12 hrs ! Amazon <3		13

I Purchase i phone but do not got any discount.		11

10/10 Camera		4

perfect as per their description		5

Gud one, but disappointed with one sim		8

The most value for money iPhone right here. No point in going for iPhone 11 for just a few small upgrades.		23

My phone is not working properly & I m not satisfy, its cheating done by seller & Amazon is not supporting		22

Instead of spending 1 lakh on some little extra features which you rarely use this is perfect alternative.		19

Nice phone for the price		5

Worth to buy it		4

Like everything		2

Worst phone i have ever buy..... apple disclaimed to repair in warranty also.....		15

Perfect for me ,works flawless butter smooth . Switched to iOS now feeling great		15

May be better than X		5

Excellent phone		2

Battery life line very low with net connectivity & selfie camera not good		13

Good Phone. There should be a sign or icon to let me know the alarm is on when it is set.		23

speed, features, battery life, all good		9

Super Qulity		2

Awesome thanks apple		3

Very nice device		3

Well, it is a lot of money but to be fair this is probably the cheapest you can get a new iphone.		24

Sooperb mobile battery camera Face ID its awesome		8

Apple , the brand is enough , elegant design , excellent software		12

Very nice iPhone xr value for money.		8

I do not believe apple making this type of phone..Excellent phone ...super looking and great performance..		20

Its an i phone. That sums it up.		10

Got the best deal during the amazon prime fest		9

Good. But cannot import contacts from xiaomi cloud..		10

I got a good offer on this product, as expected it works perfectly fine.		16

👌👌		1

Best classy look and colour was pretty good		8

It is just perfect!!		5

Good with all features		4

The phone got delivered today, when I opened it, there is a little scratch on the phone already.		21

Product is > than what we expected !!!		8

Great phone with great deal from Amazon... Thanks.... Everything IS good		13

Happy with the purchase!		5

REALLY AMAZING - IT DOESNOT HAVE FINGERPRINT READER , ACTUALLY IT HAS FACD ID READER & ITS WORK SUPERBLY		19

Good product happy with the purchase		6

One of the best mobile..... battery life is one day and it is after full use like calling many hours and surfing around 3 hours		26

Good one		2

Worth the money		3

Grt product		2

Comes with proper sealed Box. I will also checked Serial number on apple website.		16

its a Great product		4

No fingerprint		2

Looseless phone		2

Smooth... no complaints.. delivered in less than 12hours		10

Upgraded from IPhone7plus to XR...with a very good price		11

Great price and super delivery . And it is an iPhone.. so happy about it		16

Best iPhone in the price.. I got it for 39999 in sale, totally worth it		17

User interface and battery life decent.		7

Totally a great deal. Received the product on time with good package and great deal for ₹34,450		21

Nice.... Weighty..... Feeling good		6

Nice phone		2

It was good experience with using this phone for last one month from my purchase		15

Very good premium phone		4

Good product, arrived on time		6

Great phone...got phone before delivery date		8

Very fast face detection		4

Dear sir/madam		4

best best best battery life of all time iphones.......thanku apple and thanku amazon for fast delivery.		19

Could have been thinner		4

Performance , Camera and Battery. All are Very Well executed in single device.		15

😘excellent phone		3

Best device as per the price.		7

Good value		2

Best iphone..and the face unlock is superfast		9

In my phone when some one call me the signal is automatically dropping and call will cut automatically		18

Good		1

❤️❤️		1

Bought to gift my wife, she is happy :) Thanku		11

Nice one if you want to own an apple phone		10

Great value for money with great camera and apple security features better than your one plus		16

Great experience with iphone		4

Ultimate phone. No comparison. Awesome sound speakers inbuilt		10

Great battery life and good value for money if you do not want to pay stupid money for the XS version.		22

Loving it.		3

Face reader is great.		5

Good product to iPhone XR nice camera battery face unlocked it is a good work		15

Old		1

Nice phone		2

Batter life is really so good and also so long picture quality is ok		14

Its not worth to buy an Iphone. My phone hangs and the screen freezes. Not a good phone to buy at this price.		26

In 2020 this is the best option if you want to purchase a brand new with budget around 45k-50k		21

Hreat		1

Not a bad phone		4

Excellent in every way, except that it is too big to sometimes fit my clutch purse.		18

Good camera quality, faster delivery. happy with the product		11

nice phone		2

Honestly you can go for this phone by closing your eyes 💕 one of the best iPhone apple had designed		20

It is a very beautiful mobile.		7

Good Battery backup....iPhone lover ❤️❤️		7

Best		1

Name is enough Apple		4

Good		1

I bought it for Rs 38000, iPhone XR for this price is a steal deal,		17

Super		1

Great as always. I like apple		7

Face ID is good. Many attractive features like ring volume diminishes on seeing the screen.		17

Excellent phone, except for fingerprint reader, at this price all good.		14

Do I need to say something! This is the best iPhone ever!!!		14

But its calling censor not working while calling display is continue wake i believe its a mistake in the phone		20

Camera quality is just ok		5

Apple you will are the best		6

My friend purchase this mobile phone with free screen replacement but I did not so I am disappointed		18

Good face recognition, fair camera, and a decent battery back up		13

Just one word wow 👌🏻👌🏻		5

The greats of all time finally happiest moment while opening the parcel ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️ Thank you amazon		16

Unbeatable price till now		4

Receive empty box		3

Great fone		2

Value for money I		4

Excellent		1

Got this beast in Great Indian Sale on Amazon at only 35K.. I cannot express the feel of having an iPhone at such price!!!!!		26

Very nice and the deal is really good		8

Best !! Heavy phone. But best to buy.		10

No		1

Always n iPhone fan. So, XR for me was an obvious buy		14

Too much good		3

Great buy		2

Built & Screen Quality		4

So far it is a good phone , satisfying		9

Good		1

Using after 10 days did not swiched on even charge the phone and amazon return policy very bad....		19

Pros:		2

Amazon is selling defective products. Face id not working properly. It unlock with multiple faces.		18

Very good phone. Battery works for near about 10hr +		11

It is having a dual sim		6

It is not supported finger print but face lock is best for other face lock options		16

Simply awesome. Battery life is simply amazing. Camera quality is upto it is best.		17

All good		2

Nehdjsbd		1

Exellent		1

Face recognition best		3

Perfect		1

Excellent Phone from Apple. Bought in a good deal.		11

Good one		2

Overcoming the fact that iphones battery is low.. Battery is incredible		12

Nice product		2

Suits the apple lover		4

This is first iPhone i have ever used, super quality & battery life is Amazing.Camera quality is also good.		23

It is getting heat if we use phone for long time and I need water proof test video link from apple		21

Excellent		1

Sooo good		2

Camera quality is good		4

Good product, battery life is good right now in the initial period		13

Nice		1

👍		1

I am having an issue of low voice for incoming call		11

It Is good product of iphone		6

Awesome		1

Best battery life on a iphone		6

Battery easily lasts one day.		6

Worth every penny spent		4

Felt happy giving this phone as a gift for my wife....awesome experience		14

The battery life is descent , picture quality excellent.Display is good.		14

You cannot finf a little bit of lag.		9

Good		1

One of the best . Somewhere you will miss the fingerprint sensor. Rest all fine.		17

Face detection is so good.		6

Excellent phone		2

Amazing product		2

good		1

I phone is an IPhone no secondly thoughts.		9

Its Fantastic.		3

Best in the budget.		5

Just enjoy the iPhone with dual sim		7

Just superb		2

Nice recommended to everyone Sir also must buy for Business users		11

Awesome batt n I jus soaid for it logo		9

Very high quality		3

Amazon always fast to deliver products compare to others for me		11

My adapter is not working properly from now and I want to return/ replace it as soon as possible.		21

The product is good. I know it has LCD but it is still worth it.		17

Camera is good		3

bakwass mobile		2

Its very smooth and also camera is awesome i am enjoying lott with this		14

I love this iPhone... no need for iPhone 11 just go for xr... will be worth it.		20

Awesome phone to use slightly heavy but very good battery life and performance.		14

Awesome mobile, battery back superb, pacakage comes with 1A charger which get 5hr to full charge		18

Amazing Phone, the battery life of this phone is simply amazing		12

The best decision I have ever made. This phone is the best model in the world for 2019.		20

verry good		2

Superb performance, cannot expect anything more 👍		8

value of money		3

Product damage		2

Totally satisfied with my new iphone as i am the first time iphone user. I feel totally happy with my purchase		22

Worth buying👍🏻		3

Great product at an amazing price!		7

I loved it		3

Awesome phone.... great camera and lovely battery life.		10

good phone but using in two sim one i phone i great use		13

Bring an Apple fan it is the best product in this range.		13

Today, after 2 months, my phone stop to work. The cellphone turned off and never turn on again.		22

Its really nice model from apple. Liked it very much nice battery life, camera and sound super.		20

Osm look and gd camera quality🤩 loved iphone XR🔥		11

Great product		2

Face recognition good		3

excellant		1

Amazing product. Best quality smartphone for the price .		10

Beautiful mobile m in love with I phone xr		9

One of the best investment.		6

Good		1

iphone in not available fingerprint ? i like camera		9

Iphone XR IS really a amazing and wonderful phone ever. it camera quality is it is blackbuster.		19

Product is awesome... My first apple product..		9

Good		1

Good		1

Not up to the expectation		5

The colour is good, the battery is also good and last for for more than a day in moderate use.		22

Best iphone so far with good camera.... finally i am satisfied with iphone camera☺️👍must buy product		19

Wowww		1

worth buying		2

Amazing user experience, as long as you are vested in it as a user too		16

Nice fone. Perfect in all aspects, only takes alot of time to charge.		16

Frequent call drop and call failed and no exchange and no replacement.damaged product delivered by amazon		18

Battery is not too good..some problems or difficulties are arriving while installing new apps.		17

Good		1

iPhone XR is good with reasonable offer price.		9

Good product good camera and good battery life		8

Not bad. Pretty decent camera and battery life		9

Value of money ..its exilent😎😎😎😎😎		7

Your product is defective and your commitment is third class and customer service is hopeless		15

Awesome Performance		2

Great battery,good camera and outstanding performance		8

Amazing phone outstanding camera beast in performance		7

Again damage product received. Kindly get it replaced. Received on 29.10.2019. Thanks		19

Almost good		2

JUST AMZINY!!		3

awesome phone		2

Awesome phone...excellent battery backup.		7

very good		2

Fingerprint not available		3

Better than androids anytime. Do not hate me as i was android user from past 8 years.		19

Just go ahead if you are on a budget.Best phone out there if you are looking for I0s		20

Excellent user experience is damn good		6

Awesome phone bought it for amazing deal		7

Amazing battery life and screen output		6

Love this phone!!! Upgrading from iPhone 6 ; only reason battery life, works butter smooth..		18

Very good phone. Camera quality is nice. But front glass is not so good it scratches easily.		20

It is good phone but did not make me delighted anyway.		12

Even though display is 720p ,clarity is good but price can be reduced		14

Awesome phone at such a price....got it under 44k during amazon great indian festival		16

Excellent camera. Great experience. You cannot go wrong with IPhone.		13

Its really awesome,best price ever ❤️No more reviews needed bcz its apple😍		16

Awesome phone.... worth buying		5

Let me use		3

Very good phone with good battery life and A12 bionic chip.		12

Well I order a black color but it comes out to be a red one		15

Face ID is bit slow sometimes.		7

Battery life not good charging very slowly		7

The front. Speaker is. Not. Working.. the. Very. First. Day please do not. Buy. From. Amazon		26

Coral colour is good and overall mobile is good but I personally missed fingerprint scanner		15

Battery life is good. Bionic chip is super fast. Face recognition in low light is very fast		19

This is awesome device in this price range.		9

Fingerprints reader would be another useful feature		7

I brought it in 39,000. I think worth to buy in this price . Very good camera.		21

Excellent product		2

battery is very poor, camera quality is dull.		10

Camera : 5/5		5

Ok ok phone		3

Nice phone.		3

Mic quality is so worst		5

Awsome phone		2

It is very good .. camera quality is good ... outlook is good.. screen size is apt.		19

Good		1

Awesome .. Worth buying		4

Best iPhone I ever purchased online.		7

Great performance and camera quality		5

Good product 👌👍		3

Disappointed with battery life of the phone		7

One of the good phones in Apple and such a good battery. Really a nice product from apple.		20

Great phone		2

All are good . Then my purchase invoice copy not received. So kindly provide my documents.		18

Awesome phone.. camera quality is very good. Best phone. Worth it!!		15

Exalant phone ....		3

Great		1

Awesome mobile for best price		5

I like the camera of this mobile. The photos in portrait mode are no less than DSLR camera.		20

Best for battery back up		5

Battery life is great. Overall the product is nice		10

Less discount, HDFC Card holder got Rs. 7500/- more discount		13

Genuine product .. happy with the delivery as well . Trustworthy seller .		13

good but little bit heavy		5

It is misbehaving		3

I am not finger Sprint		5

This is really a awesome phone in mid range .. please buy it and ruined your life		17

I was supposed to get a fast charging adapter but they sent the old model adapter		16

It does not have a supreme iPhone look but at a good price		13

Looks are xcellent		3

Just started using it ... feels good so far ... delivery was fast		13

Best iPhone ever		3

It is iPhone		3

100% genuine product. Super fast delivery.		9

It is little over weight comparatively 6S		7

It is a really good phone, must go for it. But I got the 128GB variant in discount for 46k		22

Nice product, No fingerprint reader for this mobile,		10

Was not provided with lighting cable , it comes as an inbox accessory with the iPhone XR.		18

It has very cool new features and it is very easy to use and it is best for gaming ,etc..		22

Battery still must be improved and 12 w charger must be included in box for fast charging		17

Received this with good packaging. iphone is working efficient. No complaint the product.		16

Best battery iphone till date		5

Excellent		1

Amazing cell ph... battery and the camera is great as well...Thank you Amazon		16

Good		1

Nice phone in this price..!!		6

Thanks amazon for wonderful product at best price		8

Thank you for the excellent service and the phone		9

Good		1

Awesome		1

Incredible Battery Life		3

Excellent phone....wow....		5

Best phone ever		3

Value for money		3

Overall it is great phone but you should think twice to go for an iPhone		15

Awesome		1

Good experience		2

Got this at an offer price of 39k. The Phone justified the amount i spent for it		18

Excellent		1

Everything is good as per promising		6

Battery		1

Great phone.... Correct pricing !! good battery and fab camera .		12

Very good product but amazon service for prime member is very bad totally bad experience		15

Average		1

Not gud		2

Best		1

Everything is super awesome		4

YOU need a i phone user		6

Face ID is superb. Overall a good phone.		10

Battery life long and fast , than other i phone products		11

The best phone in 40k segment. Battery life is also good.		13

Liked this phone & was available at good prices....in amazon festival season...		15

Amazing battery life		3

Exceptional phone with great faceid & long lasting battery life		10

Superb		1

One word :- Awesome at such price		7

Product was defective not working hasdsfree properly and product was duplicated,		12

Good but front camera is not as expected		8

Osm , fantastic and perfect or more than perfect		9

Amazing IPhone XR		3

Satisfied quality 😎		3

Thanks to Amazon... giving great discount on big billion days.. I bought it 40000 rs...		18

Nice phone		2

OK		1

Shirt time Price drop		4

Nothing		1

Battery life is the best even in an iPhone, stereo speakers is amazing		14

Perfect model		2

Every thing good but unit getting slight heat while using in network.		13

Best iPhone I have ever used and at a lowest cost it was only ₹38000 thanks amazon		18

Great Product		2

Worth for the Money		4

Awesome		1

awesome but heavier		3

Best price		2

Nothing to say as we all know about iPhone		9

Good product, also recommended you to buy		8

Amazing experience		2

Value for money users interface m happy buying the new phone from you		13

Good phone only with discount i purchase for 40 k with bank discount.		14

Overall Good Experience, just not happy with camera result within this price.		14

It user friendliness		3

Loving it...		3

Superb👌👌👌		2

Excellent phone		2

Master piece		2

Everything is good		3

Increase your budget to 15k & go for 11 for better performance		12

Best for the range		4

Good in all ways..		5

Apple always oswam		3

Good		1

Good		1

Vhjm		1

Superb battery life clear stero sound effect Fantastic pics equivalent to DSLR Camera		13

Good product worth for money 😁		6

I have not got any bill related to by prodect I really disappointed I want the original bill		18

Best phone in this range		5

nice phone also fast deliver thank you amazon		8

There is no finger-print reader for iPhone XR		10

Nice		1

Dream come true...		4

Product quality was great though it arrived a day later than promised		12

Feature loaded phone got it for 39,999 absolute steal at this price.		15

Very nice phone..i m very happy with it		10

Amazon delivers the best product		5

Recommended		1

It is worth to buy IPhone XR		7

The phone was good but I had an issue updating my iPhone but it went through at last		18

The only problem with iphone was battery life, but iphone xr battery life is awesome		16

Best smartphone but too costly		5

The Best in the world mobile phone XR		8

It is a great phone . Except battery I feel all is well		13

Handsome very good software and phone		6

Fantastic phone		2

In this price an international brand its a good deal camera and battery awesome		14

Loved it		2

I am not a new person in using iPhone but this Completely covered all my needs 🙂		17

Better then I expected.		5

Extremely user friendly		3

I like with photography work		5

Nice product		2

Phone is very good but packaging was not warped with bubble wrapper		12

Great product by Apple as always and a lot soft delivery by Amazon.		14

Everything is great about this phone! No complaints at all!		12

Using iPhone for the first time and it gives me a good feel		13

Everything is perfect should include bokeh mode for objects		9

It is only good at security feature but not as good as over all Android smart phone.		18

It is amazing iPhone long battery life and also camera quality is so cool 😎		15

Awesome phone...advanced face recognition even in dark room..totally worth.		14

Always awesome		2

the phone was given with 1 year warranty and 1 free screen replacement		13

Good,Durable and full value of money		8

Ok		1

Like		1

Good		1

Super Camera..		3

It is a wonderful mobile really if you want to buy		11

Just wonderful !		3

Very good mobile		3

iPhone XR is gr8		4

Just another waao product by apple❤️		7

Great camera quality		3

Top notch device..just powered everything battery backup is unbelievable		11

Best		1

Nice		1

Nice phone		2

Display is the only lacuna as per my expectation.		10

Gr8 experience with xr		4

Worst product		2

As usual amazing performance just one problem with battery issue!!		11

Great phone. I got it at 48K, not bad for 128 GB. Thank you Amazon		18

No finger print reader		4

it is working as iron box.It does not meet my expectations		13

Nice I phone got at ever lowest price of 42999 with 128 gb . Thank you amazon		17

Value for money		3

This has only face recognition and no fingerprint sensor .		10

I want my mobile bill on my e mail id		10

Nice phone and good deal by Amazon.		8

No question about it		4

One of the best		4

Amazing going back to Apple again after 4 years. Great phone		12

Worth for every penny		4

Phone performance, battery life and camera Quality is assessment.		11

Bad phone apple need to focus on battery rather then no of camera		13

Need to have some good focus on camera... rest all is perfect...!		14

A no complain product if not considered the battery life.		11

It is smilpy ossum!!!		5

Too good! I gifted it to my husband n he really loved it. The product is amazing!		20

Just fantastic		2

Awesome IPhone you will ❤️ It		6

Weight is more rather everything is good		7

Love this product...		4

Amazing battery life and fluid interface.		7

Nice phone and battery life is superb. Camera is also excellent .		13

High performance great job amazon		5

i bought this iphone but charger is not working from the first day what should i do		17

Awesome phone, got it at a great price during Amazon Diwali Sale		13

The best product and offer is delivered here at Amazon❤️		11

Fingerprint reader is not in this phone. So I cannot give		12

Super and very good model in iPhone... I got for RS-37999 in Diwali sale		17

Amazing phone and supplied right on time by the retailer. 5 stars for the phone.		17

Awsome Seller Awsome Price Awsome Product.		7

Nice phone,good battery life,best camera Quality		10

Very nice product and fast delivery		6

Defective product received		3

One of the best phone available in market		8

This I phone is the best ever iPhone I ever used. It is very sleak and also looks very premium.		22

Love this phone! Awesome... totally in love..		10

Awesome		1

Got dream phone for real life management		7

Genuine Apple product. Timely delivered.		7

Makes screeechy noise at full noise otherwise the phone is good		11

If you are Apple lover do not think about reviews just buy it		13

Damn good phone when compared to other iPhones below 11		10

Phone is very heavy and its lost its charm when compared to old design.		15

After updating the OS to 13, battery draining is more fast. Rest are ok		16

The new phone I ordered and just does not start ... Dissapointed and how		14

Good buy		2

This is not genuine product. It have so many problem especially hanging problem		14

Got it in 38k. Value for money. Smooth experience. Camera is amazing. Go for it		19

One side of earphone stopped working after one month. Bad experience overall...		14

Voice problem		2

Overall good		2

Good phone with good look		5

Good phone		2

I like all functions in xr specially battery ad camera full money budget		13

wawww all one is gud... tanx for amzon 👍👍👍👍👍👍👍		10

Brand New Phone did not work when received. How was the checking done?		15

Thank you Amazon,,Thank you Apple,,		8

Excellent, I am loving it		6

Got an amazing deal. Extremely happy with the product.		11

Good phone . I bought it in offer . Quite happy in 4-5 days of use . I		20

Got delivered on time and really liked my phone.		10

Best		1

The phone is too slow. It takes minutes to enter unlock and enter into an app.		18

IPXR has Powerful battery and overall its very nice product . Thank You Amazon		14

Awesome Iphone . End of the day it is an Iphone		11

Amazing phone by Apple it is just works for me.		11

Nice Phone.		3

This is first I love Steve job you are great		10

It is the best phone I have ever had! The camera is amazing and screen clarity is superb!		20

It is a very good product		6

Apple need to invent new design		6

Class product, defines why apple is best among all his counterparts		12

Genuine product, worth to buy from Amazon, decent price for brand		13

Till date best battery life in IPhone.		8

Nice3		1

After 2 months experience This is the best phone ever but sometime it is heated.		16

Slight heating issue, not always but once in while it heats up a bit.		16

Switched from Android to IOS.. Great phone,loved it😍		12

Best of all. Reliable on every aspect.		9

Good		1

good		1

The best battery life in iPhone history. Everything else is superb as always.		15

Superb phone with superb features..nothing can beat apple in terms of quality		14

Super smooth phone with excellent performance		6

Phono was superb and ofcourse it is original.		9

The face recognition is slow and the built of the phone is poorer than expected.		16

Good		1

Thank you.		3

Nice phone		2

I loved it		3

Very poor mobile for Android mobile		6

Good phone		2

Good		1

No words in term of delivery, quality		8

It is a good smartphone from iPhone...		8

Great phone ever		3

Value for money		3

Good offer by amazon. Very competitive prices.		9

this product is AWESOME........		5

Awesome phone camera and battery superb		6

Super performance		2

Nice phone with dual sim(digital sim)		9

awesome product.value for money.got 10% additional sbi card discount on amazon.		17

Right is high not satisfactory		5

Product is value worth for money,battery life is too good,camera is awesome,		17

Fingerprint reader is good and a excellent upgrade		8

Very nice		2

The color is very good		5

iPhone with good battery life		5

Connector missing in the box.		6

well i want to keep it short and simple review for IPhone Xr is just one word “Amazing”		20

Loving it.. really a wonderful phone		7

Value for money...amazing experience		6

Very good phone		3

Moving From android to iPhone Face ID is really really good		11

Nice phone, using from last 4 months & no issues. Esim working fine		15

Good phone.. Slomo camera not good.. Other camera features are good		13

Apple guinine product i received and working better.thank you Amazon.		13

Phone has started to hang as more application r used simultaneously		11

Amazing photo		2

Not easily customizable		3

Love this phone ,I have taken a great decision of buying iPhone XR,loved it		17

It is a good smart phone but battery life not satisfied as compared to price		15

phone is very good camera quality, battery life and processor is excellent.		14

Good camera and fast processor. But the battery life could have been better		14

Features are very good, camera is really great but battery life is not good		15

First iPhone feeling sooooo good..and happy		8

Thankyou so much Amazon for my new phone at discounted price.		12

Excellent		1

Marble piece		2

Not a good product has heating issues		7

Dude it is APPLE.		5

Every thing is fine n more then expected...		9

Overall good and expensive		4

best phone for useing gameing and normal use		8

Nice one		2

The phone is absolutely good		5

Super in all respects		4

Genuine product..hassle free exchange.Delivered before promised date		11

Good one		2

Great product in great price		5

Battery performance up to the mark.		7

Loved the Product ... Nice service Amazon... Appreciations		9

Nice functioning overall		3

No fingerprint reader		3

Will not recommend anyone to buy this product, not worth of money.		14

One of the best phone with good battery life , best camera quality		13

Delivered @ good speed, with a good discount price		10

Fine		1

First time Iphone user, but it is impressive, but not the best then beast PIXEL		17

Extraordinary performance... but I have a small attraction in coral colour		12

Best ever iphone used got it @39200		8

Camera Is not Good		4

All in one best phone XR		6

Awesome		1

Awesome		1

Super B		2

Awesome		1

Not up to the mark		5

Love this phone		3

Awesome		1

Awesome		1

Great battery life & camera		5

Very good experience		3

The speed of the processor and the camera quality .		10

Fingaraprint missing		2

Camera not good as iPhone X		6

Except camera and network quality, all hardware are good.		11

The tagline "Designed by Apple in California" says it all		12

No finger print & battery drain to fast due to lcd screen		12

One of the best smartphone available under Rupees 50,000.		12

Amazing phone with awesome battery backup. Must go for it		11

Best phone in this range. The battery life is awesome and the camera is awesome too!!!		18

Beast of phone no need to look for ram n battery just go for it..		16

Excellent processor performance, battery back up, good display...		11

Simply amazing. Apple - The brand meant for quality & innovation.		13

Got iPhone yesterday, at places there were Dent and also has network and ringtone problem		16

Battery life is awesome and overall phone is good		9

Great battery life. Works for more than 24 hours.		11

It is a good phone using dual sim still no problem		11

Front camera is not so good it is not clear and phone weight is not light		16

Perfect phone. Camera could slightly be improved. Otherwise it is perfect.		14

Face recognition is very accurate and camera is also of wonderful quality		12

Battery are good , picture quality is normal according my expectation....		12

Excellent mobile. Worth every single rupee. A must buy for gadget lovers.		15

No fingerprint reader in this. Nice phone		8

Better than any flagships Android phones.		7

Great phone for middle range		5

Superb but my adapter is not working .may it will be replaced???		14

Good product		2

Wow best one		3

Good value for money as compared to other Iphone models.		11

Very good product .. nice to use and phone speed is working well		13

Just like bash I am totally satisfied with the phone and service		12

Battery life is very good in compare to previous iPhone devices.		12

Good product		2

Great deal on this price		5

Everything perfect		2

It is a good choice to begin with who wants to try IOS instead of android		16

Best camera and other apps. Best phone at this price. Got it for Rs45000		16

The product is awesome. I can now have blind faith on amazon thks amazon		15

Okay		1

Its Awesome for Apple lover . Go for it.		10

Thankyou amazon for selling this product at this great price.		11

No need to explain just go for it		8

Classy product		2

Good product		2

Iphone is really iphone😘		5

Face reader is very good.		6

Camera is not good		4

Loving it to the core 😍😍		6

Good product at reasonable price		5

Nice device		2

Beautiful and battery life is good,camera is ultimately		10

It is too heavy.There is no fingerprint reader.Battery life is good		15

Got it for only 38K in sale . So much in love with this red 🥰.		16

Great battery life goes up to a day and half, camera is amazing		14

Very good really. Got it for a good price also.		12

Good		1

Satisfactory		1

Amazing phone		2

Worst product		2

Feeling great to use my iPhone..As It is Camera Quality really excellent		14

It is nice everything id perfect but I did not received the bill for this		15

Good performance, great deal on amazon!		8

No comments simply superb without doubt		6

Go for it new apple lovers best of best		9

Everything liked		2

Nice		1

At this price point it is the best one can get @ an apple product		15

👍🏻		1

Excellent product		2

Loved it....but face recognition is slow.		9

On time delivery. Amazing phone		6

Excellent Phone, Fast delivery.		6

It has the best battery backup till now in iPhones I have used		13

Great phone ! So what bulky but very powerful.		10

Little heavy and big otherwise value for money		8

Great phone with great features i just love it		9

Good phone		2

Not up to my expectations, bulky phone and UI is not so user friendly.		16

Go for it		3

The headphone jack was missing in the box		8

Perfect stuff		2

This phone is very good		5

Buy oneplus 7 pro, its good but expensive compared to the price		13

perfect Packing and so far no Problems		7

no doubt it is apple.		6

Great product bought during sale time with good price		9

Excellent		1

Anyway iPhone is always good		5

Great phone. A bit costly but still it is iphone. Worth buying		14

My touch system not within three weeks after I bought the item.		13

Amazing performance		2

Awesome performance. Best battery among iphones. Slightly bulky with case.		13

Battery life is not sufficient for a day. Faster charger not supplied		13

Over all satisfied and really a good deal too..		10

I feel the battery gets drained so fast.. also it is a little bulky..		16

I feel the battery gets drained so fast.. also it is a little bulky..		16

Good		1

Nice experience.		3

Battery - Best		3

Nice		1

Ok		1

Good phone		2

nan		1

all good, no negatives		5

Good product and good delivery by amazon my first apple phone😍😍😍		12

What to say simply super		5

Value for money		3

Battery is good		3

Everything I need was right there.		7

Worthy		1

The phone's performance is really excellent & its really value for money.		15

Thanks amazon for the genuine iPhone xr		7

Super experience from android		4

Very happy with my		4

Awesome product comparing than One plus		6

Apple XR 128 GB - Value for Money product from APPLE		11

Fingerprint reader not supported but other features is good.		10

Hi		1

The best		2

My First iPhone. Great battery life. Good camera. Great performance.		14

Thanks Amazon for this product I love xr wow amazing phone.. 🥰🤟😍		13

Face recognition not strong		4

Good mobile overall good performance		5

Thanks for amazing price for I phone		7

Theta was big problem with ringtones		6

apple is apple another thing XR battery life too good		10

Excellent Quality....		3

Very gud phone		3

Very very good		3

Likes: Camera and Display		5

Nice phone !!! valuable !!!		5

perfect phone to spend money		5

Best phone with super battery life and super camera		9

Camera quality and battery performance is very good		8

Excellent phone excellent camera and good gaming experience		8

Superb phone nothing worried about display simply go for it		10

Nice product		2

Highly recommended top performance in low price		7

Calling to unsaved number is not allowed by secondary number		10

It is really a good product. Battery is good		10

I hate the notch and that is it		8

Finger print reader is working good and camera quality is also good		12

Totally amazing good battery life and good camera with good speaker		11

Gud phone better than 8 gud upgrade from it.battery life is awesome		14

Mind blowing features and Operating system Excellent Battery backup		9

Entirely different for an android user.... But battery life is good		12

Battery life :not good		5

Great product with quality ecosystem. Apple is very stable product.		12

Genuine product		2

Amazing product... came in good condition... fast delivery		10

Good		1

Screen to body ratio		4

Awesome phone		2

Loved it		2

Nothing to say. Perfect one		6

Fabulous products excellent		3

NIce yellow color, well received with all the accessories.		11

Build quality is avarage# camera is good # battery is good		12

Nice device best for gaming and amazon price was wery good		11

Superb		1

Thanks		1

Superb		1

Awsome		1

It is a great phone but it is kind of heavy then other apple mobiles		15

Battery Life Beat economy Phone from Apple		7

Best value for money iphone to buy in 2020		9

Everything is Awesone Using From 2Months No Problem 😍😍 Fantastic		10

I am and apple fanboy and I do love this phone.....		12

There is no fingerprint reader but face unlock is excellent		10

Good performance but display n battery thumbs down		8

Best to buy iphone xr 128gb		6

Awesome phone! liked it very much!		8

My first apple buy. Glad I did it.		10

I liked the features		4

Love it		2

I got my iPhone in a very good condition and was very happy		13

Super mobile		2

Good product		2

Happy to use		3

awesome product ......Total paisa basool		6

👌		1

Awesome phone		2

Have been since three weeks. Feeling really good.		10

Excellent mobile Go for it		5

Happy to buy after 6s plus		6

One of the good product from Apple		7

Love the battery life.		5

Excellent product. That is why Apples are costly. Worth it		12

Super		1

Build quality is good.but side is too big to handle single handed		14

Great quality, superb performance		5

Iphone is not detecting headphones within 2 weeks after buying...		11

Very nice product ,its camera quality is awesome than other phone		12

Excellent product. Very satisfied		5

Nice product. Great apple product		6

Smooth, battery drains faster though		6

Awesome phone with great features		5

Delivery issue but everything 👌👌phone,camera,battery		10

Voice not clear in calls		5

Camera quality....		3

All is good		3

Great phone		2

Best mobile		2

Nice phone. Go for it when it is in offer period		12

iPhone XR good but amazon cashback only cheating		8

It has good battery life with dual sim support with esim		11

Best phone ever been used		5

Kool		1

Good		1

Good		1

Nice		1

Good		1

Great build quality as expected from apple , its light and rigid		12

My battery get exotic and also the touch is not working properly		12

Everything is working prefect, just need a bill copy from seller		12

Nice phone every think is good in mobile		8

The experience would be awesome. Try it.		9

Excellent		1

Superb battery life		3

Nice battery backup		3

It is osm		3

Overall good Phone at lower rate		6

Faster and full day battery life		6

Nice phone at amazing price in great Indian festival sale		10

Best phone ever...		4

This phone is value for money		6

Good product and excellent battery life.		7

Liked the product as I am using from		8

Battery is very good compared to iPhone 6,7,8, plus ...		15

Amazing phone, very fast and battery life is also good.		12

nice product but seal was open and all stuff were there		11

Good in all expectations		4

all features are 100 % good qaulity.such a like i phone xr(128)		17

everything is working fine. one can easily purchase it blindly.		12

Very good product must buy 🔝		6

I get a defectives phone I will never buy an online phone again		13

Awesome phone just delivery is too late		7

Good battery life. Fast face unlocking.		8

I am satisfied with the product		6

Please buy from iPhone store, if you love using I phone.		13

Good Product Worth to Buy		5

Good product with a high quality		6

Very Nice and Decent Phone. Looks premium and also very Smooth		12

Heating issue. You have to play pubg under A.c.		13

Excellent phone.Battery quality is the best.		9

Absolutely good products n delivery all good quality		8

Wow phone		2

Very good		2

Very good		2

Very good		2

Best		1

got a defective product		4

Excellent		1

Simply superb 👌🏼👌🏼 One of the best I phone ever 😍		11

Front camera quality not to good..so so type..		11

Iphone XR is already Ultimate Product by Apple		8

The display is kind of ok		6

Speechless to say about king of jungle.		8

Ok		1

👌		1

Charger is broken.. There is no warranty details for the same.		13

Display quality is really nice and does not seems to be HD only		13

Excellent product with great battery life and powerful camera.		10

I loved it really gr8 product ever from Apple after iphone 6S.		13

Good smart i phone		4

awasome product .		3

Black colour looks elegant and phone is super fast with great battery life		13

Excellent phone		2

I got perfect iPhone mobile, its working fine.		10

I like all the features of this phone and the system is very user friendly.		16

Good Phone		2

Best deal got @ ₹37999/- only.		9

Best budget phone		3

I purchased at a very high price .Best at the 40k ramge		13

Satisfied with the phone		4

Awesome product met all my expectation		6

WORKS SMOOTH WITH NICE CAMERA & BATTERY		7

Really out Standing and camera quality amazing		7

Excellent phone		2

All good		2

amazing.		2

I love the camera clarity. Amazing battery life. Better than one plus 7		15

Amazing phone. Why did'nt 🍎 come up with it earlier!		14

The supplier gave an iPhone whose box was not sealed!		11

The phone is just a killer but the charger is so slow		12

Camera coulr be somewhat better. Rest is good		9

Excellent battery life		3

Nice		1

Osm phone & also thank Amazon for perfect delivery timely....		11

The charging cable is not working from the time of purchased.		12

Be in simple word it is awesome Iphone		8

Very good experience and worth buying		6

Perfect iPhone		2

Really good one for lower price i am loving it ✌️		11

Quite good phone for business		5

Best iPhone for the price and buttery smooth experience		9

Amazing product,100%Original and timely delivery by Amazon. Loved it.		15

Very happy with the received product. No issues whatsoever till date.		13

👍		1

User interface		2

Awesome phone.		3

EXILENT		1

Awesome		1

Excellent A+++		3

A great phone. Good battery life which was required.		11

There is not finger print reader it is not applicable		10

I have upgraded from iphone 6 to XR. Fully satisfied		11

Iphone name is enough		4

Nice face reader with great battery life and camera quality		10

Genuine apple product and also a great phone in this Budget.		12

Battery is v gud nd camera is excellent		8

Very very good		3

Excellent phone. Everything is great		6

Excellent iPhone at affordable price		5

Excellent phone at a wonderful price		6

I love this build quality and camera		7

Good phone..oled screen should have been used instead of LCD		12

One word..! Simply Thope...!		6

Good pick for iPhone lovers.		6

Not worth it.		4

Only for use not for show off		7

nice..		2

Amazing iPhone XR!		4

Best iphone ever and wonderful battery life		7

All features are very nice and good quality		8

One of the best smartphone in the market...		9

100% genuine product.. Thank You Amazon👍🏻		9

Outstanding phone...		3

Overall good product		3

Great battery backup		3

Best in every aspect		4

Excellent phone		2

Good product and genuine quality. Using it since 4 months..		12

Battery life is so good and looks so good in white color 😍		13

With in three months charger not work where I will complain		11

Great product.. Happy with the delivery provided by amazon.		11

Excellent phone. Little expensive but good in all respects.		11

Bought for husband he liked it a lot		8

Great phone, camera and performance		6

Nice product for a very good price.		8

Battery life and camera is too good		7

Front camera could have been better		6

Excellent product and awesome proce		5

Good phone in terms of battery life, camera , and lcd display quality is very good.		18

Awesome		1

Fast is unlock		3

Loving this fone. FaceID is terrific.		8

Good product		2

Good product		2

Good product		2

Good quality		2

Great		1

Amazing product from Apple with so nice features.		9

Excellent product t		3

Awesome camera quality		3

Everything that you need to have in the iPhone is awesome.		12

👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍		1

Amazing purchase thank you Amazon.		6

Wonderful gadget at a great price.		7

Awesome product		2

Charger is not wireless, in features its given wireless charger.		12

Good price purchased		3

No finger print reader. Excellent camera quality and screen quality		11

Wonderful phone and camera		4

Great Value		2

Good		1

Good		1

Good		1

good		1

Cool		1

Wow.		2

Good		1

Finest		1

Wonderful product and service and price by amazon		8

Face ID works best		4

Super and same set but camera quality is no best.		11

Amazing Phone with Amazing Camera.		6

Iphone		1

Everything is perfect worth budget iphone		6

bought this phone because of good prices.		8

This set is cost effective. Valuable more than it is cost.		13

Low price then other market 😍Blindly love it Iphone XR😻		12

I love Apple. Front cam awesome Really great for Face ID.		13

Fastest face unlock even in dark. Battery life is awesome		11

The product is fab		4

Got at a gud price		5

Good quality phone		3

Excellent product!		3

This is nice phone		4

Its a good product		4

like this product.		4

Very good quality & user friendly		6

Bought for 38000.... Nice		5

Superbbbbbbb		1

Awesome		1

Best phone		2

It is buatifull product...		5

This sounds not available		4

Do one have to rate it 😊		7

Great Phone ! as expected ! Thanks Amazon :)		9

Nice phone		2

Nice phone		2

Nice phone		2

Nice phone		2

Amazing product from apple		4

transfer 5s to 10r direct.I love my xr very much		12

Battery last longer and got good picture quality		8

Awesome phone get it at very low price on amazon		10

Good quality photos.. sufficient space available		7

Best iPhone . Go for it !!.Display is also good.		12

Good for the value		4

Value for money, using Apple products since 2012		9

A classic phone at a through away price.		9

Terrific Buy !		3

Battery life is excellent & display quality is also good		10

Overall satisfied		2

Very good product		3

Amazingly awesome		2

Got the phone the way it was expected...		9

Good fone		2

Too good better than Samsung S20		6

Sound is not clear. Bad speaker.		8

Nice to use		3

Loving it		2

Good product from iPhone		4

Perfect upgrade from 6s.		5

Good phone		2

very good phone with good batter back up		8

Very nice product ..apple always rocks ..		8

The battery was charging up to 84% only it was not getting up to 100%charge		18

Battery back is very good		5

Very good		2

Beautiful		1

Nice good		2

The mobile which we received is damaged one		8

sd		1

My first Iphone... 👍👍.. Loved it.. Great deal		10

Brilliant phone . Liked everything about it ...		8

Superb. Thank you amazon for next day delivery.		10

Battery life pathetic....		4

Worst phone i have ever used. Very bad hardware quality		11

At times I lose the screen light and cannot see anything		11

Amazing product by Apple and cheapest price from amazon		9

screen thodi dull lagti he baki performance me dhasu he		10

I did not 1 year warrenty card...provide this		10

Best deal ever !		4

I just like them		4

Awesome phone.... Bought it in 47900 for 128 GB capacity		11

Nothing to say I phone is I phone and it is original		12

Good and high quality camera		5

Headphones not working		3

Face ID do not work in some cases		8

It is awesome .very friendly. Love it .		10

Product got delivered as expected. Excellent!!		8

My life best phone...thank you amazone		8

It is nice but it gets hang sometimes.		9

Beast if battery life is your priority		7

Really awesome mobile...and fast delivered by amazon..		10

Duplicate content delivery phone hanging within 1month		7

This iphone is a best iphone battery life is excellent		10

Highly satisfied with my purchase and amazon delivery.		9

Better than all iPhones till now, Except 11 and 11 pro		12

Could be more user friendly if call recorder be there.		11

Amazing phone with superb battery life and screen size		9

Not sure why it takes so much longer during vharging..		11

Value for money		3

It is awesome...		4

Excellent deal.		3

Excellent phone		2

Worth the price		3

Excellent phone		2

Awesome product		2

Best smartphone		2

Amazing product		2

Amazing product		2

Awesome product		2

Excellent phone worth of money		5

Great product with apple price		5

No fingerprint reader, camera is good and battery life is good		12

Excellent phone		2

The product starts restarting every time has to giv it to service centre		13

There is internet conecting &network issue with the phone		10

Good fone		2

This brand is best in the market for a reason.		11

Best i phone		3

😍👍		1

Anyone can enjoy the most powerful chip		7

All super		2

Excellent phone		2

Awesome		1

Awesome		1

To good		2

Awesome		1

A beast with the best battery life...		8

Everything is great but charging problem is there....		9

Simply awesome especially after moving from iphone 6s		8

Seamless experience and battery back up is very good.		10

Phone is all over good but I did not received the bill		12

Camera quality is not good enough at this price point		10

Superb product		2

Waste of money		3

Value of money		3

Just breathtaking!! Thumbs up!! No second thoughts!! Just go for it!!		15

Best iphone in market in 2019		6

This is really a great product on this price.		10

Only One word i have.... Excellent		7

Delivered on time. liked it		6

All are working well.		5

All features are good		4

Camera is not so good		5

Product is good but charger heating issue..		8

Nice iPhone		2

Unbeatable camera and battery life ...		6

Superb mobile good camera and battery backup		7

all rounder . A must have for any apple user		10

Best phn... Awsm experience.. Best camera...		9

Camera quality and battery life is excellent		7

It is very nice phone also battery is so good		10

Camera quality is not worth for the amount..		9

Product is original,phone is awesome		7

Up to the expectations, original one		7

It is apple then what is the question?		9

Worth the deal in getting it for 39k		8

Good battery life. Different from the other iPhones.		10

Very good camera quality and battery life as well as		10

Its awesome love this iphone and amazon services too		9

...........,;		1

Best in price		3

Amazing phone at 38000		4

Switch iphone 7 to iphone xr		6

User friendly and affordable		4

Nice		1

Good		1

Really nice and great experience.		6

Best phone with superb battery backup		6

Google		1

Price		1

super		1

Disappointed camera quality is soooooo poor		6

Got it for 36k after discount.. great price		9

Best latest Apple mobile for the best price		8

Lightning connector is missing from the box		7

Its a great phone.. value for money		8

All things good for expectations...		6

"fingerprint reader", "camera quality" and "battery		11

I have used it for 2 months now and i have no problem		13

It was an upgrade from 6S to XR not happy that much		12

Great battery life and good camera and superb chip		9

All are good		3

Just awesome		2

Up to mark👍		4

Nice product		2

Still searching for issues.		5

Nice phone battery back up is super		7

Love this phone. Very very good in battery.		10

Awesome product from apple		4

I just bought 1 month back and it is awesome.		11

My dream mobile☺️☺️		4

Charging takes time		3

Nothing like iPhone		3

Nice n smooth running phone.		6

Superb		1

Nice		1

Good		1

Good		1

Good		1

Awsome product. Best one for apple lovers.		9

Sir I am facing problems with this product		8

Good phone brought it during Diwali sales!		8

Value for money in Apple products.		7

Superb phone .I got it 40100 only.		9

its wrost of mony not batter than sumsung s9 pluse		10

Good Phone.		3

beautiful product with long lasting battery backup		7

Just aswome		2

Good		1

XR is better then onepluse		5

Nice product, worth buying		5

Overall everything is good		4

Good product,it is Apple by the way		9

Very nice product		3

Five star		2

Amazing product and fast delivery		5

Face recognizing is OK, not faster than other flagship phones		11

Apple always super		3

I like the product		4

Classy look and amazing experience		5

Amazing product..... price could have been but cheaper.....:		10

My first apple product, and now i m a fan		11

Everything is awesome except battery life		6

Good nd great mobile in all apple mobiles		8

Everything z perfect		3

Not happy with the product it is getting over heat		10

The phone works amazing well with great features.		9

Battery life and the camera options are very good		9

Overall amazing product Apple is always an apple.		9

Still superb in this price range @ Rs 44999/128gb		11

Excellent battery backup & camera		5

Excellent product worth for money		5

Nice phone with good battery life		6

Nice phone		2

Best one👌		3

Perfect 👍		2

Good phone		2

Best class		2

Good phone		2

Nice phone		2

Looking very bad compare to other I phones		8

iPhones are class apart.!		5

Best camera in this price		5

Battery life it is awesome		5

Great product compared to iPhone X		6

Excellent phone... Thanks amazon for quick delivery		8

Excellent battery backup but no fingerprint sensor		7

No review needed!!!! Apple is Apple always		8

Awesome go for it		4

Excellent Phone👍		3

Great battery backup. More than expected.		8

Great phone on great price		5

Better choice that X or XS		6

Awesome mobile Good Product Delivered by Amazon		7

Good		1

100% genuine product		4

Good Face Recognition, Fair Battery life		7

That was first i phone nd i lut it......		10

Awesome 👍 product, little weight might be more.		10

awasome phone smooth touch and very good display		8

There is a dust particle inside the rear camera.		10

Good phone as it comes in a very great price😄😄		11

Battery is good, I am Happy with this new phone.		12

Best phone under 50k price range		6

Best iPhone at this price range.		7

Excellent phone! Value for money		6

Love this		2

Very good		2

Good deal		2

Excellent		1

very good		2

Worth everything. Apple❤		5

Not so good as iPhone 6s		6

Less than 4 phone has stopped working completely		8

Excellent phone		2

I think the back button is still hidden.Camera is absolutely best.		14

Awesome phone, a very good camera quality		8

Worth to buy...!		4

A fantastic ❤️😍		3

Do not take online charging is point is not working on 4 day		13

Awesome mobile thanks amazon for offer 🤗		7

Best bye rs 48250 only		5

Perfect iPhone if you are switching fom any android device.		11

But issue with haptics but overall good		7

Worste packing mobile box fully damaged		6

Defective product received. kindly exchange it.		8

Long life bettery big display and amazing price		8

Awesome Mobile I am very Happy with iPhone xr🌹		10

Camera quality is not good,battery life is good		10

wonderful camera quality and best screen touch.		8

Defective.. there is a blue dot in the display.		11

Quick and easy....apple is best		7

Always good technology by Apple		5

It is a Master piece from Apple.		8

Awesome!		2

Good one		2

Good one		2

Very good product		3

The best ever in budget		5

Battery Life is Superb.		5

Not fingerprint face ID		4

Good phone but camera quality could be improved		8

super		1

FULLFILEED NOT BOX AS THERE DESCRIBE IN PRODUCT		8

Good and Stable Product		4

Good		1

Amazing quality		2

Good product :)		3

Nice experience		2

Very good ouine		3

Value for money		3

Fantastic. Nothing more.		5

Phone is quite heavy		4

It is good but still chances for better		8

Awesome product this. I really enjoyed		7

Excellent phone		2

Decent battery life. Good performance.		7

Liked the iPhone. Camera is very good.		9

After iOS 13.1 update the batter has improved a loot !!		13

Face reader is so fast in recognition & action		9

Recommend premium phone in range of 40k to 50k		9

There is no finger print sensor in this device		9

Excellent battery life and extraordinary speed		6

Awesome phone		2

Product is genuine.		4

I liked XR. But camera quality is not so good.		12

A value for money product having excellent built quality		9

Awasome		1

Nothing		1

Awesome		1

Great product no flaws		4

Delivery on time		3

Awesome phone		2

waiting to upgrade for ios 13 in india		8

Superb quality		2

Awesome mobile		2

Best buy ever!		4

Best so far!!!		4

Battery could be more effective		5

awsm phn		2

As per my choice		4

Bit heavy. Cam clarity is good.		8

Very good phone response is very good		7

Price and quality as not expected...,		7

An iPhone is with long battery life ❤		8

Awesome mobile with great camera performance.		7

I like the battery performance of this iphone		8

Nice phone for a great price.		7

Budget iphone with Big screen		5

It got stuck in the beginning		6

I loved it. Doing Iphone filmmaking		7

Battery charging is slow.....		5

Good		1

Superb		1

Superb		1

IPhone XR..		3

There is mo fingerprint reader to rate		7

Awesome phone		2

Great product		2

Good performance and an awsome product from Apple		8

no finger print reader		4

Amazing battery life. Perfect apple buy at current time.		11

Nothing		1

Everything great		2

The product is not at all satisfying		7

Best in class & most affordable one.		8

Fully satisfied with my new phone !!		7

Stunning phone under budget...go for it ❤️❤️		9

It is really great deal to by I phone xr128gb		10

Switch to iphone 6 to xr , best phone ever❤️		11

just go for it, buy it. Do not think so much.		14

Best value for money among the apple line up		9

Very nice and useful product		5

Best iphone I have ever used		6

Super		1

Nalla		1

Great		1

Gift me Iphone 11pro		4

This is the best iPhone ever...		7

Very good product front facing camera could be improved.		10

Better comparing to previous apple series.		7

Poor quality		2

Excellent on all the three parameters		6

Product is good but amazon offer is worst		8

Good Quality		2

Good product		2

Good product		2

Good		1

Good phone		2

Battery life very good and value for money low price camera good		12

Phone is too weighed and thik also.		8

Great quality. Good product so far.		8

Beautiful product		2

Best value for money smartphone. Loved it !		9

Ring tone is very very low since few days ?		10

Camera quality is top class and good battey		8

YOU can feel the smoothness while using phone		8

-Incredible battery life		4

It is a genuine product with Apple warranty.		9

Worth of money. Must to try		7

Best device in all features		5

Awesome.. Best iPhone ever.		6

Superb..!! Thank you Amazon		5

Good		1

Good		1

Nice		1

Good		1

Good		1

Good		1

Good		1

Good		1

Good		1

Good		1

Good		1

Good		1

Awesome iPhone at best price		5

Really go for it without hesitating you will not regret it		11

best buy good Prise		4

best buy good Prise		4

Super quality phone		3

Best phone in world		4

Excellent phone but charging problem is minus here		8

Wonderful phone nice cam clarify and battery pack up.		10

I liked it		3

Great phone		2

Super Duper		2

Superb.....		2

Nice phone		2

Thank you Amazon... this iPhone is incredible..		9

Battery life is good		4

Earphones damaged in just 5 months		6

Love the phone and the color white		7

Really loved it ... awesome mobile		6

Excellent purchase.. thanks Amazon		5

Very good phone, good battery life		7

Sometimes hangs... rest everything is good		7

Osm phone great bettery life Gajab lok hai		8

Nice product .Brought in 38 K during sell.		10

No fingerprint reader. Face unlock is nice		8

Nice product and worth for money		6

All functionalities is great in Iphone XR.		8

Love with this product thank you Amazon 😊		8

Apple without any doubt its the best ph ❤️		9

Great phone .Perfectly working ,no issues.		9

Best phone in all iphones i have ever used		9

Fingerprints not so good,baki all is good.		10

Long battery life loved it		5

Best phone Apple iPhone xR		5

It is very good & I like it		8

Its not at all satisfying.		6

Super		1

Good product		2

It is face recognition system is brilliant.		8

Nice one. Complete		4

I like it products		4

The phone is good.		5

Everything is okay		3

Very nice Product		3

Perfect in every aspect....		5

Good phone		2

Good phone		2

Nice phone		2

Nice phone		2

Good phone		2

Nice phone		2

Good		1

Better battery life when compare to others		7

Everything you need on iphone Xseries features in ₹60000		10

Good		1

Price have been dropped in one day kindly refund		9

Good product, worth for the money		7

Awesome product and delivery !!!!		5

This product by amazon in awesome		6

Good phone and better performance		5

Great deal and fully satisfied with phone		7

Awesome product.. value for money indeed!		8

Nice phone very pretty colour and pattern		7

The camera quality needs a serious boost.		8

Simply stunning...worth everypenny ...!!!		6

iPhone is iPhone no comparison with other		7

Great performance and Better life so good		7

It is very Bad product do not go for it!!!		11

Superb design and convenient for handling		6

Received what was ordered		4

Happy but heavy in weight		5

Such a great mobile phone		5

NYC phone for stylish use		5

Beautiful phone in red 😍		5

Good phone! Great battery		5

Very good product nicely delivered by amazon		7

It is very good		4

Amazing phone		2

Worth The Money !		4

It is a good phone		5

Battery life poor		3

Worth every penny		3

Good battery life		3

Excellent device.		3

Its great phone for reasonable price..!!		7

Excellent phone with amazing camera		5

Fabulous		1

Excellent		1

Beautiful		1

Excellent		1

Very nice		2

Amazing..		2

Very good		2

Excellent		1

Two thumbs up		3

Excellent!!		2

Excellent phone.		3

Does the job.		4

Amezing product		2

I loved this phone		4

Nice phone with lots of features		6

No finger print sensor available		5

Satisfied with the budget mobile		5

Must buy		2

Amazing battery life and camera quality.		7

What a feel when I hold this on my hand.		11

Everything is ok but charging very slow.		8

Perfect phone in budget.		5

Very good phone by Apple		5

one of the best purchase		5

Good offer at this price		5

Superb		1

One word,” Brilliant “.		5

Awsm phone in budget		4

iPhone is iPhone		3

Nice as expected		3

Excellent in use		3

No bill received		3

Nice one product		3

Earpods received with iphone are not working properly		8

It is not that good as we expected		8

World best phone		3

Awesome!		2

Loved it		2

Face recognition is not as per acceptance.		8

Superb mobile		2

Love it Xr		3

Battery life should be improved		5

It is ok but not as much of cost		9

Good one for 50K+ Budget Apple Phone...		9

My data cable started to getting damage		7

It is amazing and I got this just at 38k		10

I want an copy of invoice of this order		9

Battery is Better than previous iPhones		6

Hot spot is not working, can you guide me		10

Product is very nice and delivery by Amazon is just superb		11

Value for money product		4

Kudos to RAM management		4

Good product from apple		4

Good one		2

Super mobile....over weight		5

Best		1

Very good		2

Worth the money		3

Excellent phone		2

I just love it,		5

Very good phone		3

Amazing product		2

Not a good mobile thn x		6

Good		1

Awesome		1

Genuine		1

Awesome		1

Display could have been better		5

Zabardast		1

Good product		2

Thik thaak h		3

Very nice iphone		3

Nice product by Amazon		4

Excellent phone		2

Fingerprit and Battery is Good		5

i love this iphone red edition		6

best phone i got for rs 39990.		8

Thanks amazon for real product		5

Super phone i am fully satisfied		6

Fantastic product love from me		5

Grt purchase at grt price...👍		6

Very product delivered...am very happy		7

Amazing phone with awsm batary back up		7

I phone xr is one of the best I phone.		11

Nice product timely deliverd by amazon		6

Problem with speaker,kindly contact me		7

ITS AMAZING PHONE WITH GOOD FEATURES..		7

It is better than anything must buy😍😍		8

Wow... It is amazing you can go for it...		11

Incoming ringing volume is not working.		7

Camera quality is best		4

I love apple products.		5

Data cable is faulty.		5

Awesome		1

Value of money		3

Always perfect		2

Very satisfied		2

One word awesome		3

It is a wonderful device for business user.		9

suberb		1

Overall a great phone go for it		7

Good product under best deal thanks Amazon		7

OUTSTANDING FEATURE OF IPHONE		4

It is not slim and it is heavy!		9

Awsm mobile in this range....		6

Nice phone with good features		5

Great product.... good so far		6

Good working. Battery back up superb.		8

Amazing Product . Good Battery Backup		6

Nice phone.my first iphone .i love it		10

Hands down d best part is the battery		8

Best iPhone for the price you can get		8

Super battery life and camera quality		6

Really awesome mobile		3

Not a good from Apple		5

Excellent performance		2

Every feature is best		4

FOUND FAULTY PRODUCT.		4

Crazy battery backup!		4

I am in love with XR♥️		7

Good		1

Antha bagundi		2

Amezing phone		2

Good in range		3

Just love it.		4

Amazing phone		2

slow charging		2

Battery life is really good ....nice camera		8

Good mobile		2

Super		1

I love it this is worth it just go for it		11

Awesome phone		2

Totally worth it		3

Awesome phone		2

Apple.... Always Best buy 😊		6

Performance and battery life		4

2 camera like iPhone 7 plus		6

Perfect balance of price and quality		6

Superbly work with complete hardware		5

Value for money!		4

Apple XR is good and excellent phone		7

Overall fantastic 👌		3

What an amazing buy!		5

Amazing battery Life		3

Apple is Apple alway		4

Nice and best mobile		4

Nothing to dislike this		4

Just amazing		2

Best product		2

Nice product		2

As expected.		3

Good Quality		2

Just awesome		2

Good product		2

Superb phone		2

Great battery life		3

Sirraaaaa phone Bro.............		4

Nice product deliverd on time		5

Good		1

Good		1

Good		1

done		1

Good		1

Good		1

Good		1

Just Amazing		2

Totally in love after Iphone 7plus.		7

Battery life still needs to be long		7

Good performance and battery backup		5

Awesome product and smooth process.		6

Worth upgrade from iphone 7👍🏻👍🏻		6

No words to say		4

Good phone...		3

Phone was fantastic		3

Very bulky but fine		4

Battery is not good		4

Good And nice phone		4

Good not impressive		3

Good		1

superbb phone		2

Heavy		1

Best iphone		2

Top quality		2

Great phone		2

Good device		2

Good one...		3

As expected		2

Best in use		3

Great phone		2

Everything thing is good but not supported fast charging		9

Good		1

Camera quality shoulb be better.		6

Goes on for 14 HRs with everything running.		9

Grt		1

Nice		1

It was so good but one disappointed		7

Worth to buy at this price..Delivered in just one day..		13

Total good but price is not reasonable		7

Good product		2

It is awesome		3

Worth		1

The phone is worth in every aspect		7

Charger getting heated up too much		6

Great device....total satisfaction		5

Packaging should be more effective		5

Gud phone with better battery life		6

Gave duplicate earphones.. Cheater		5

Nothing to dislike about iPhone XR		6

Value for money.. best iPhone ever		7

I am totally happy with the product		7

Good mobile with good battery life		6

Phone is excellent in every sphere		6

Product is gud and geniune		5

Battery and camera is good		5

Face recognition very good		4

No fi finger print sensor		5

Its a good looks phone....		6

Amazing product from Apple		4

Good phone with very good battery backup		7

Phone of the year		4

I like the product		4

Best and beautiful		3

Nice product. Really good product		6

Good Apple product		3

Gud experience with Amazon.Nice product		7

Awsm camera, battery life too good		7

Nicest		1

Good		1

Nice phone		2

Marvellous		1

mast phone		2

Best phone		2

Runs pubg without lag and heating		6

Superb nice mobile		3

Amazing product delivered in time		5

Good		1

👍		1

👍		1

😔		1

Xr		1

Ok		1

Nice phone		2

Loved it l...yupee		5

Camera quality is not good as it adverstised.		9

Very good phone in every function		6

All round mobile. I Just love it.		9

Excellent phone.no more comments.		7

Amazing purchase! Thanks amazon!!		6

Absolutely satisfying performance		3

Simply superb. Worth every penny.		7

Best iPhone to be bought in 2020.		8

Need to improve camera quality...		6

Amazon good quality product india		5

Just one word “excellent”		6

Best phone in price range		5

Good premium priced phone		4

Overall performance good.		4

Battery life is not happy		5

Really nice phone		3

very Nice		2

Excellent		1

Excellent		1

Excellent		1

Excellent		1

Wonderful		1

Very Nice		2

Very good		2

it is good		3

The product is really good		5

Very good		2

Amazing Phone.. Worth the money😃		7

Camera not good		3

Everything seems good. Love it		6

Awesome phone. Battery backup is awesome		7

Better performance		2

Awesome in All		3

So far it is good.		6

Nice phone		2

Awesome phone in this range 👌🏻		6

Awesome smart ph to n this range		7

Best phone under 50k price range		6

Awesome upgrade from iPhone 6...		6

The best phone ever of apple..!!		7

Battery life is ammaaaaazzzing!!		5

Happy with the working of mobile		6

size big/should be small		6

All categories are great		4

I do not like this iPhone		6

Very happy to have this.		6

eSIM facility great 👍🏼		4

Easy to use. Nice design		6

Got in offer. Super deal		6

Heating issue while charging		4

Beautiful design		2

Battery not good		3

one shot product		3

It is good phone		4

V nice loving it		4

super in battery		3

Excellent phone.		3

Good performance		2

‘iPhone xR’ the name is enough❤️		9

Thank you amazon		3

Brilliant in every way..		5

all good		2

Its good		2

All good		2

Must buy		2

Best camera		2

Nothing as of now		4

Everything is good		3

Battery		1

Great		1

Really Good phone with great battery life and camera.		10

i used iphone from last 7 years		7

One of the best phone in IPHONE		7

Really Awesome, value for money		6

Screen is not good as iphone 11		7

Where is the fingerprint reader		5

Excellent phone perfect pricing		4

Superb phone and camera quality		5

I have received a faulty phone.		7

I did not use fingerprint reader		6

Nice product... Thanx to Amazon		6

Well good product. Worth buying		6

Mic sensibility is poor		4

Nice product from Apple		4

Smooth handling...worth		4

Fantastic and good deal		4

Best among all iPhones.		5

Satisfaction level high		3

Best deal of the season		5

I dislike this phone		4

Value for money		3

Value for money		3

Genuine product		2

Value for money		3

Apple alys good		3

Very nice phone		3

Excellent phone		2

Excellent phone		2

Very good phone		3

Awesome product		2

Value for money		3

Awesome product		2

Suprb iPhone XR		3

Value for money		3

The best phone!		4

I phone 6 ,7 ,8 same feature no change		11

Like everything		2

Best iPhone ever		3

Amazing		1

Amazing		1

Awesome		1

Nothing		1

Average		1

Awesome		1

Nothing		1

Awesome		1

Awesome		1

Camera Quality is just Surperb.!.!.!		6

Face id is good		4

Good product for its cost		5

Batterylife is excellent		3

Awesome		1

Excellent phone		2

Amazing fast delivery by Amazon best value phon		8

Nice and beautiful product		4

Very genuine product. Good one		6

There is no fingerprint reader		5

Found some scratches on screen		5

Good battery		2

Dope phone fast during gaming		5

Not received invoice soft copy		5

Excellent phone in all aspects		5

Nice product and good delivery		5

Good phone. A bit bulky though		7

Do not buy		3

Worth for money just go for it		7

Display size is decent		4

All worth .. real good		5

Good phone very smooth		4

Very very good product		4

Enjoying the apple....		4

Nice		1

Awsome&genuine product		4

Best I phone ever.		5

Sweat pig deer		3

Amazing iPhone XR		3

superb		1

color issue in display		4

Simply super		2

One of the best Iphone ever		6

Go for it without thinking any thing ❤️❤️		8

Color		1

Awsm Phone Ever		3

no issue at all		4

A bit bigger than the earlier ones		7

Nice phone		2

User Interface with Non-apple		6

This product is very good....		6

Good service and good product		5

It is good than Android phones		6

Camera quality is pretty good		5

Major Issues with the product		5

Fingerprint compulsory needed		3

Best iPhone I have ever used.		7

Camera is really good		4

No fingerprint reader		3

Battery life is good.		5

Great phone..enjoying		4

No fingerprint reader		3

No fingerprint reader		3

Flashlight not blink.		4

Overall good product.		4

No fingerprint reader		3

Was not a good choice		5

Great product		2

Amazing phone		2

Totally super		2

Great product		2

Amazing phone		2

Awesome phone		2

Great product		2

Value 4 money		3

Phone is good		3

Amazing phone		2

Good product.		3

Ausum product		2

Great product		2

amazing experience..........!		3

Good		1

Amazing iPhone.. Love it.		6

Only con is LCD screen		5

Great battery life and camera		5

Super		1

Great		1

Great		1

Super		1

Camera n display can be better		6

Good and on time!!!		5

I think the touch is really smooth.		8

Best mobile iphone xr and battery life good		8

As usual good phone from Apple		6

Just a awesome device		4

Amazing. Worth it.		5

Awesome phone great features		4

The product looks amazing💓💓		5

Got it at 39k. Worth it.		8

About the ram and mega pixel		6

Fmcg Gn he Cvv by uff scones		7

The phone is worth its price		6

Great product for its price.		6

I need the bill of the phone		7

All in all, a great product!		8

The phone good and excellent		5

Niceee product at best price		5

Superb product with low cost		5

Over priced		2

Good and Lower Price		4

battery life so nice		4

as expected too good		4

Good phone		2

Good phone I love it		5

Front camera is poor		4

Battery life awesome		3

Smooth like a butter		4

Best phone under 50K		4

Worth Buying Product		3

Very good experience		3

Good Phone Under 50k		4

No fingerprint in XR		4

IPhone xr is awesome		4

This is itttts❤️❤️❤️		4

awesome iphone		2

all are good		3

Good product		2

Nice product		2

I am not sure		4

Good Product		2

Nice phone👌		3

Superb phone		2

Best product		2

Just wow. 😍		4

Best of all.		4

Little heavy		2

Good product		2

Good product		2

Good product		2

Perfect		1

Everthing is gud but it heats sometimes.		8

It is nice phone. A bit heavy		8

Premium quality product		3

Good		1

Oswm		1

Good		1

Best		1

Good		1

Nice		1

sexy		1

Good		1

Nice		1

Good		1

Good		1

good		1

Good		1

Good		1

Nice		1

Good		1

Good		1

Nice		1

Good		1

good		1

I got tottally damaged piece		5

amazing		1

Best phone is iphone xr		5

Extremely good		2

Amazing battery life		3

Nice Product		2

Not a handy phone... buy xs instead		8

Great Product		2

Charging taking 3plus hours		4

Fast delivery.		3

Overall good		2

Worth		1

Battery backup is very good		5

Nice but camera quality bad		5

awesome iphone in low range		5

Awsm battry life face id 👌		6

Back case very poor quality		5

I loved it. Amazing product		6

Camera quality is too good.		6

I need my iphone XR invoice		6

i phone never make you down		6

No finger print recognition		4

Battery Backup is in fault		5

One of the best iPhone ever		6

it is nice as always		5

Mast phone hai bhai		4

Absolutely perfect!		3

Connectivity issues		2

Good phone to buy..		5

Very good excellent		3

It is a good product		5

Good		1

Good product		2

Go for the red.		5

Awesome		1

Awsum phone		2

Not as good		3

Great phone		2

Good One 😊		3

It is awsome		3

Best option		2

Great Phone		2

Good product worth for money		5

Awesome		1

Best at this price point		5

Bad		1

Just awesome		2

Excellent performence.		3

Great buy		2

game sensor good		3

Nice phone and should have a bit more ram		9

Awesome worth of money loved it		6

Product are not Good		4

Awesome phone ❤️💯		3

Good i love amazon		4

Nice		1

Good		1

Improved face recognition.		4

Good phone. Got it for 38k		7

Phone is getting heated up		5

Superb PHON I m very happy		6

I really liked the product		5

Best phone in battery life		5

It is very goodbye		4

One word.. perfect		4

Display not like x		4

Just awesome phone		3

Excellent purchase		2

Awesome experience		2

great phone to use		4

Everything is good		3

One of the best product from apple		7

All Good		2

Top brands		2

Nice phone		2

Amazing 👌		2

Nice phone		2

Better but		2

Nice phone		2

Awesome!!!		2

Nice phone		2

Best phone		2

Nice phone		2

Good phone		2

Excellent mobile phone apple is always amazing		7

No warranty card.....but I am happy with the phone		11

Brilliant iphone xr		3

It is an iPhone		4

na		1

Great battery life and performance true depth control is awesome		10

Phone Charger is Defective.		5

Excellent product		2

Excellent Phone👍 Recommending others to buy.		8

Good one		2

Very Happy with the product		5

Product’s display is damaged. Black line on screen		11

Good item		2

As usual Apple at its best		6

Excellent Product value for money.		6

super and exact delivery, i loved it		8

Product i bought is good.		6

Awesome phone... Must buy		5

Weight is heavy to handle		5

Best iphone model in 2019		5

Battery life is brilliant		4

No chipest phone all over		5

Nice and budget mobile 📲		5

Amazing phone loved it ❤️		5

Absolute Beast of a phone		5

Camera is just awesome 🔥		5

this product is very nice		5

Best Product 👍👍😍😍😘😘		3

Awesome battery backup...		4

Camera quality is not good		5

Did not got the phone bill		6

Good and worth for money!		6

Make battery life batter.		5

product is good n genuine		5

Best iPhone ever.		4

Excellent product		2

Phone is too good		4

Product is superb		3

Very good product		3

Smooth experience		2

iphone is iphone,		4

Very nice product		3

Quality product!!		3

Nice mobile phone		3

Best phone to buy		4

Thank you Amazon...loved the phone		7

All in all a good product		6

Excellent		1

Excellent		1

Very good		2

Excellent		1

Excellent		1

Excellent		1

Excellent		1

Excellent		1

Excellent		1

Osm phone		2

It is good		3

Good one.		3

Little bit of big in size		6

Excellent		1

Awesome phone and battery backup is good		7

1		1

Worth the price		3

The product is really good		5

Perfect XR		2

Nothing dislike about this phone		5

Fantastic		1

best		1

Ok		1

Battery life is not great		5

Battery life is not great		5

Really good battery life		4

iPhone never disappoints		3

The phone is perfect....		5

Just like i wanted it 😊		6

The best phone ever used		5

Everything at it is best		5

Face ID is great		4

Apple is awesome		3

Its really good.		4

Awesome loved it		3

i like the phone		4

Good performance		2

Just Awesome!!!!		3

Excellent phone.		3

Camera very good		3

Excellent mobile		2

Good one		2

good one		2

Good one		2

Good one		2

Worth it		2

Good one		2

Good one		2

Nice one		2

it is d best till now		6

Good		1

Good		1

The phone is really good		5

Great!!		2

osm iphone and tnq Amazon ☺️☺️		6

Perfect!		2

Very good		2

Awesome product		2

nothing special		2

Good one		2

Camera quality is good.		5

good product tnq amazon		4

The best choice ever!!!		5

Ear phone not working .		5

Face reading is awesome		4

Face reader is too fast		5

Excellent I love iPhone		4

I am enjoying it!! 👍🏻		6

God’s proud from iPhone		6

Awesome Product love it		4

More then you can imagine		5

Overall nice experience		3

It is good phone		4

Great product🔥		3

Great product🔥		3

value for money		3

Iphone that is it		4

Worth the money		3

Very nice phone		3

Value for money		3

Excellent phone		2

VERY NICE PHONE		3

Overall is good		3

Value for Money		3

Very good phone		3

Value for money		3

Worth for money		3

Very good phone		3

Awesome product		2

Value for money		3

Superb Phone...		3

Awesome		1

Awesome		1

Awesome		1

Awesome		1

It is ok		3

Amazing		1

Amazing		1

Awesome		1

Awesome		1

awesome		1

Excellent		1

Heating problem		2

Excellent and quick		3

Ok		1

👍👍👍		1

nice product.. i love this...		7

Just awesome		2

camera quality		2

Best iPhone till date..		5

The USB cable is missing in the box		8

Finally owned a iphone		4

Amazing product to buy		4

Charger is not working		4

Performance is great!!		4

Battry life rust ha...		5

This phone is very bad		5

Excellent bettary life		3

Camera quality is good		4

Best worthy investment		3

Overall gr8 experience		3

Amazing battery backup		3

Worst phone i ever had		5

Best in camera quality		4

Everything is just fab		4

Price and product good		4

Great battery back up.		5

XR is the best		4

No comments 🙂		3

Superrrr phone		2

Simply awesome		2

This is osm 👌		4

Iits good		2

Superb		1

Best iphone ever		3

Awesome products		2

Amazing		1

Awesome to have this		4

Not any lag		3

Battery life is awesome...		5

The product came very good		5

Great purchase		2

Very nice		2

Very good		2

Best iphone ever used		4

Nice phone best price		4

Touch pad is too slow		5

Must buy this product		4

Awesome phone love it		4

It is good but in sale		6

Not upto expectations		3

Best phone in iPhones		4

No fingerprint sensor		3

Battery life not good		4

Battery life not good		4

Everything is perfect		3

The phone is very osm		5

Camera quality I like		4

Apple is always best.		5

Awesome phone		2

Amazing phone		2

Superb camera		2

Super sa uper		3

Amazing Phone		2

Great product		2

Worth upgrade		2

Good decision		2

Awesome phone		2

Amazing phone		2

Awesome phone		2

Good not best		3

Phone is good		3

Good quality.		3

Excellent product		2

Outstanding 👌👌👌👌👌 iPhone XR 📱		5

Required fingerprint		2

Super		1

V nic		2

Great		1

Excellent phone		2

But display very veek		4

very nice		2

Overpriced but good to use		5

Just love it		3

Picture quality is very poor. And battery		8

The phone is great		4

awesome		1

Super extra ordinary		3

all features amazing		3

Amazing battery life		3

Battery life so good		4

Superd mobaile phone		3

Performance Beast ♥️		3

Awesome battery life		3

Superb mobile to use		4

Good but but heavier		4

Simply good product.		4

equipment is supereb		3

Good phone but not stylish		5

Superb phone		2

Good product		2

Superb color		2

Good Product		2

Good product		2

Nice product		2

Good product		2

Overall good		2

Good product		2

good product		2

It is costly		3

Good product		2

It was great		3

Good product		2

Good product		2

Good product		2

Nice product		2

nice product		2

Just Amazing		2

Good product		2

Best Product		2

Good product		2

Awesome 👏🏻		2

Excellent...		2

He loves it!		4

Nice product		2

Overall Good		2

Best buy.money worth		5

Nice		1

Nice		1

👍👍		1

Good		1

Good		1

Good		1

Nice		1

Nice		1

good		1

Good		1

Good		1

Good		1

Good		1

Best		1

Like		1

good		1

Good		1

good		1

Good		1

nice		1

Good		1

Good		1

Good		1

Nice		1

Best		1

🙏🏼		1

Good		1

Nice		1

Good		1

Good		1

Nice		1

good		1

Nice		1

Awsm		1

Nice		1

Good		1

Genuine		1

Nice		1

Go for it...		4

Fantastic & amazing		3

Staisfied with the purchase		4

Good		1

Wow		1

not bad in this price		5

Beast iPhone at good price 👌👌👌👌		6

Amazing product		2

Lots of bugs		3

Good product		2

Good products		2

Dual sim network issue and it hangs		7

Phone hitting problems		3

Amazing phone		2

All good		2

I liked the product		4

Best ever!!!		3

Excellent phone. Great battery life.		7

Batter is a concern		4

Value for money....		4

Nothing to complain		3

Adapter is not good		4

IPhone is damn good		4

Charger not working		3

It was a great deal		5

Very		1

Best phone in world		4

Soo much satisfying		3

Good battery backup		3

Excellent		1

Performance		1

Super Phone		2

Super duper		2

Third class		2

Great phone		2

bad product		2

Good mobile		2

Not working		2

Really nice		2

Nyc one ...		3

Awesome iPhone XR		3

Top performance. Amazing product.		6

Nice		1

It is just super phone...’’’’		6

Excellent		1

Fab		1

Nic		1

Great phone		2

Excellent		1

Nice product		2

Really good product.		4

Excellent Product..		3

Nice		1

Nice product		2

Awesome		1

Good option to buy		4

i liked it		3

Everything is good		3

Worth the price !!		4

I like the product		4

Very good product.		4

Always low battery		3

Colour and design		3

Very Superb mobile		3

Good build quality		3

Best in the market		4

Amazing Experience		2

Its a good product		4

Amazing product...		3

Extrodinary mobile		2

Super ultra phone.		4

YOU can go fr this..		6

Good Bettry backup		3

Looking gregarious		2

Iphone is the best		4

iphone is disabled		3

Good phone		2

Best phone		2

Good phone		2

Xr awesome		2

Nice deal!		3

Nice phone		2

It is great		3

Thankfully		1

Good phone		2

Perfect 👍		2

Nice phone		2

Good phone		2

Super...👌		2

Best phone		2

Nice photo		2

Good phone		2

Nice phone		2

Nice phone		2

Good Phone		2

Good phone		2

Nice phone		2

Super		1

Very very bad.....		4

👌		1

nan		1

ok		1

Good phone		2

Ok		1

A must buy		3

All good as of now		5

Apple is apple		3

Good always		2

Speaker is causing problem		4

Good choice		2

It is simply great		4

A quality product		3

Go for it blindly		4

Simply the Superb		3

Quality is superb		3

All features good		3

Nothing thus far.		4

Very good product		3

Overall it is good		4

Camera Quality 😍		3

Loved it 10 stars		4

Excellent working		2

Excellent product		2

Very good quality		3

Worth every penny		3

Best worth buy it		4

Really nice phone		3

Very nice pls buy		4

Very good product		3

Excellent		1

Its Brand		2

Expensive		1

Excellent		1

Excellent		1

Very Good		2

Best one.		3

I love it		3

Very nice		2

Wonderful		1

Too large		2

very good		2

I love it		3

Excellent		1

Excellent		1

Excellent		1

Perfect		1

Fantastic		1

Excellent		1

My Mobile looks like fake one		6

Best battery ever		3

outstanding phone at this range.		6

Anything you can ever imagine....		6

Excellent		1

Fast performance		2

Good		1

Excellent		1

Excellent		1

Nice		1

I love this		3

Super		1

Awesome Go for it👌🏻		5

Really Fantastic.		3

Great product!!!		3

Fantastic mobile		2

Good product....		3

Product was good		3

Totally awesome!		3

All over good...		4

Awesome phone...		3

Excellent iPhone		2

Face reader good		3

Always IOS lover		3

Best iPhone ever		3

Best mobile ever		3

Good for pubg.😋		4

Much much better		3

Super phone ❤️❤️		3

To worest mobile		3

Best ever iphone		3

Great experience		2

Not good battery		3

Best smartphone.		3

Excellent camera		2

Awesome Purchase		2

Affordable price		2

Original product		2

overloaded price		2

Awesome product.		3

Loved it		2

Nice phn		2

Awesome,		2

All good		2

Good....		2

Worth it		2

No words		2

Not good		2

Original product		2

In love with this phone		5

Awesome		1

Good phone		2

very nice		2

Best iPhone		2

Nice experience		2

Unmatched Performance		2

Good product in best price...		6

I like it		3

very nice		2

Very good		2

Just for for it		4

BEST FONE		2

Very good and smooth		4

Gethu		1

Awesome phone..		3

Excellent phone		2

I just loved it		4

It is feel good.		5

Very good phone		3

Awesome product		2

Very nice phone		3

Worth the money		3

Awesome product		2

The best iPhone		3

Good production		2

Best phone ever		3

Phone is superb		3

Best smartphone		2

Excellent phone		2

Very nice phone		3

Amazing product		2

Best phone ever		3

Excellent phone		2

Very good phone		3

Awesome phone..		3

Best phone ever		3

Excellent phone		2

Love this phone		3

Good product...		3

Awesome mobile.		3

Ok good		2

Overall good experience		3

Awesome		1

Awesome		1

Good ..		2

Awesome		1

Nothing		1

Awesome		1

Ok good		2

Amazing		1

Awesome		1

Amazing		1

Awesome		1

Not bad		2

Awesome		1

All nice perform phone		4

I LIKED face id		4

Excellent		1

Excellent		1

Best in battery		3

Good buy		2

Good		1

Good product		2

Camera quality		2

Great product!		3

Amazing phone.		3

Really awesome		2

Simply awesome		2

Perfect phone.		3

Just go for it		4

Simply awesome		2

Great phone !!		3

Product weighg		2

Awesome mobile		2

Awesome mobile		2

Amazing mobile		2

I love I phone		4

simply awesome		2

Nice phone in good budget		5

😇😇😇😇		1

Good battery		2

Good product		2

Super phone in 1 word		5

👍👌🤘✌🤟🤞		1

Nothing		1

Good phone		2

Best Product Ever👌		4

Excellent product though a bit expensive		6

Awesome phone		2

Amazing white shade		3

Good product		2

Awesome phone		2

Just fabulous		2

Charger issue		2

Amazing phone		2

Amazing phone		2

Owsum product		2

Phone is fine		3

Just loved it		3

Awsome mobile		2

Network issue		2

So impressive		2

Awesome phone		2

Amazing phone		2

Awesome phone		2

Awesome phone		2

Awesome phone		2

Good quality.		3

Good Features		2

Not satisfied		2

Awesome phone		2

No fingerprint reader		3

Vgood		1

Nice.		2

good.		2

Super		1

G F I		3

Great		1

Super		1

Super		1

Liked		1

Super		1

great phone		2

Super		1

Osm...... gaming machine.		5

Awesome		1

Excellent product.		3

Just amazing		2

Happy shopping		2

Bakwas		1

excellent. you will love it		6

Good		1

It is ok product		4

Looking good		2

Good		1

Nice go for it at 50k		6

Great phone.		3

Like a pro👍		4

Nice I phone		3

Just amazing		2

nothing much		2

Works fine..		3

Good quality		2

It is awesome		3

Battery life		2

Supper Apple		2

Nice i phone		3

Nice product		2

Superb phone		2

Poor quality		2

Good product		2

Good handset		2

Nice product		2

Good product		2

Nice product		2

Overall good		2

Good product		2

Just awesome		2

Good product		2

Nice phone😍		3

Nice product		2

Superb phone		2

Satisfactory		1

Nice phone😍		3

Awesome 👍🔥		2

best product		2

Good handset		2

A good phone		3

Good product		2

Good Product		2

Good product		2

All over gud		3

Good product		2

Just awesome		2

NICE PRODUCT		2

Good product		2

Nice product		2

Nice		1

Good		1

Nice		1

Owsm		1

Good		1

Owsm		1

Good		1

Good		1

Nice		1

Best		1

Nice		1

Good		1

Good		1

Good		1

Like		1

Good		1

🔥👌		1

Good		1

Good		1

Cool		1

Good		1

Good		1

Nope		1

Good		1

Good		1

Good		1

Good		1

Good		1

good		1

Good		1

Good		1

Good		1

okok		1

Best		1

Best		1

Good		1

Good		1

Good		1

Good		1

Good		1

Love the perfomance		3

bad n faulty product		4

Go for it		3

Perfect one .		3

Excellent one		2

Good purchase		2

Nice		1

Worthy product		2

apple product		2

Best iPhone		2

Wonderful phone.		3

Apple always best		3

Awesome 👏		2

Best in all.		4

Cannot play pubg properly		4

Fantabulous		1

Must buy it		3

Best iphone		2

All is good		3

Magnificent		1

I like this		3

great phone		2

Great phone		2

Great phone		2

Awesome one		2

Always spr.		3

It was good		3

Nice mobile		2

Great phone		2

Nice mobile		2

Good enough		2

Its perfect		2

Enjoying it		2

Awsm mobile		2

Awsm mobile		2

Really good		2

Nice camera quality		3

Battery		1

Wow		1

Osm		1

Wow		1

Nice and handled		3

Good budget phone		3

Superb phone		2

Good phone. Go for it.		7

Just awesome		2

note happy.		3

Top class mobile		3

👍🏻		1

Its amazing		2

Nice locks		2

I am happy		3

Good phone		2

Cool phone		2

Good phone		2

Nice phone		2

Good Phone		2

Awesome!!!		2

Nice phone		2

Awesome❤❤❤		2

Nice phone		2

Nice phone		2

Nice phone		2

Good phone		2

Gud mobile		2

Best phone		2

Good phone		2

Best phone		2

Nice phone		2

Good phone		2

Camera gud		2

Great deal		2

Best phone		2

Super item		2

Nice phone		2

best phone		2

Nice phone		2

Nice phone		2

Good phone		2

Excellent.		2

Good phone		2

Awesome...		2

Very nice		2

Good phone		2

Na		1

nan		1

Ok		1

Amazing product		2

Very good phone at price of 38k		7

Excellent buy		2

Great buy!		3

I loved it		3

Best iPhone		2

nice phone		2

All good!!		3

good battery life		3

Till now good experience.		5

Nice pick		2

Its apple		2

Excellent		1

Like this		2

Interface		1

I like it		3

Not worth		2

Good one.		3

Very good		2

Excellent		1

Excellent		1

I love it		3

Excellent		1

Excellent		1

Very good		2

Best deal		2

Excellent		1

Excellent		1

It is good		3

It is good		3

Excellent		1

Satisfied		1

excellent		1

Very good		2

Excellent		1

Amazing..		2

Very good		2

Very good		2

It is good		3

Excellent		1

Excellent		1

Excellent		1

Excellent		1

Excellent		1

It is gooy		3

Good deal		2

Excellent		1

Very nice		2

Satisfied		1

Excellent		1

I love it		3

Excellent		1

Excellent		1

Excellent		1

Excellent		1

Good buy.		3

Overall great product		3

Loved it		2

Very good		2

Nice product		2

Need invoice soft copy		4

Worth buying		2

Love this phone		3

User friendly		2

Excellent		1

Super		1

Best deal		2

Simply brilliant!		3

Very nice colour and features		5

Fabulous		1

Exultant		1

Fabulous		1

Amazing!		2

Worth it		2

good one		2

All good		2

Good one		2

Good one		2

Do Not buy		3

Fine AF!		3

Excelent		1

Good one		2

Too good		2

Now good		2

Good one		2

Bill is missing		3

Good		1

Defected Piece		2

Best One		2

Awesome		1

Bad		1

Awesome phone		2

Very nice phone		3

Good		1

Outstanding performance		2

Call quality is worst		4

Awesome		1

Super..		2

Awesome		1

Awesome		1

awesome		1

Awesome		1

Dhamaka		1

Goodbye		1

Nothing		1

Superbb		1

Nothing		1

